new york ( cnn ) -- more than 80 michael jackson collectibles -- including the late pop star 's famous rhinestone-studded glove from a 1983 performance -- were auctioned off saturday , reaping a total $ 2 million .
profits from the auction at the hard rock cafe in new york 's times square crushed pre-sale expectations of only $ 120,000 in sales .
the highly prized memorabilia , which included items spanning the many stages of jackson 's career , came from more than 30 fans , associates and family members , who contacted julien 's auctions to sell their gifts and mementos of the singer .
jackson 's flashy glove was the big-ticket item of the night , fetching $ 420,000 from a buyer in hong kong , china .
jackson wore the glove at a 1983 performance during " motown 25 , " an nbc special where he debuted his revolutionary moonwalk .
fellow motown star walter " clyde " orange of the commodores , who also performed in the special 26 years ago , said he asked for jackson 's autograph at the time , but jackson gave him the glove instead .
" the legacy that [ jackson ] left behind is bigger than life for me , " orange said .
orange said he plans to give a portion of the proceeds to charity .
( cnn ) -- the longest-running holiday special still has a very shiny nose .
" rudolph the red-nosed reindeer " premiered on television december 6 , 1964 , and is now one of the holiday season 's perennial favorites .
the story of the reindeer who saves christmas is beloved among children and adults alike .
the rankin-bass animated film production company used japanese puppets and stop motion to tell the tale , bolstered by a soundtrack featuring burl ives ' rendition of the theme song .
in the story , santa 's reindeer donner and his wife have a son , rudolph , who has the distinction of a nose that glows .
he runs away after being made to feel an outcast and links up with an elf who dreams of becoming a dentist and an adventurer seeking silver and gold .
after ending up on the island of misfit toys and wandering for a while , rudolph goes on to save his loved ones from the abominable snow monster and guides santa through a blizzard that threatens to ruin christmas .
the pair were thought to be the last of the surviving production puppets .
they had been taken home by a production company employee and given to her children after filming was completed .
" created for about $ 5,000 each in 1964 , they were valued at $ 8,000 to $ 10,000 for the pair .
( cnn ) -- a lawsuit filed by the family of robert champion , the florida a&m university band member allegedly beaten to death in a hazing ritual , accuses the bus company involved in the deadly assault and the bus driver of negligence , their attorney said monday .
the suit alleges that fabulous coach lines and its driver not only consented to the illegal acts of hazing by students , they knowingly participated in the planned hazing activity over several years .
" this was a culture embraced by this bus company , " chris chestnut said .
according to court documents , bus c , which is was the vehicle where the incident took place and the name of a specific hazing ritual , was parked in a dark corner , separate from the other buses provided by the company .
the suit also alleges that the bus and its air conditioning system were running at the time champion was beaten and that the bus driver was standing guard at the door to prevent anyone from entering or exiting the vehicle .
when champion stepped off the bus at one point to vomit , the bus driver told him " he would be alright as she forced him back onto the bus , " the lawsuit claims .
despite a request for damages in excess of $ 15,000 , chestnut insisted the focus is n't money .
it allows him to file subpoenas and take witness statements to further the investigation .
" we figure out how this happened , we figure out how to fix it , and then we stop it from happening again , " chestnut said .
calls to the bus company and its attorneys , wicker , smith , o'hara , mccoy , and ford , pa , for comment have not been returned .
( cnn ) -- the 54-year-old michigan tree trimmer severely beaten after he accidentally struck a child who had stepped into the street earlier this month is breathing on his own , according to his daughter .
" he is off the ventilator and is able to breathe on his own , " mandi marie utash posted friday to a gofundme.com page she and her brother set up for their father , who they say does not have health insurance .
after utash stopped his vehicle to help the boy , he was " severely beaten " with " fists and feet , " wayne county prosecutor kym worthy said in a statement .
authorities credited a woman who stepped in as utash was being attacked with saving his life .
mandi marie utash wrote that her father does n't seem to know what happened to him or why he was in the hospital , but that he is able to wiggle his toes on command and answer yes or no questions .
" these are baby steps , " she says .
" this is a long road ahead , " she said .
" but the end of the road will be worth it . "
jennifer moreno , a police spokeswoman , told cnn that all of the alleged assailants were african-american and that none are known to be related to the boy or his family .
she said the beating was " a spontaneous response . "
( cnn ) -- a federal jury convicted a california man monday in a case in which prosecutors say he convinced a woman to bomb a federal courthouse so he could turn her and others involved the scheme in to authorities , and collect reward money .
donny love was found guilty on 10 charges , including the use of a weapon of mass destruction , for the role he played in the may 4 , 2008 , attack on san diego 's edward j. schwartz federal courthouse .
no one was injured in the blast that damaged the building 's front lobby , shattered a glass door and broke a window in a building across the street .
love could face between 30 years and life in prison , said assistant u.s. attorney fred sheppard .
during the two-week trial , prosecutors painted love as the mastermind behind the blast .
carlock was an on-again , off-again girlfriend to love , said sheppard .
according to testimony , carlock and eric reginald robinson then drove from love 's house to san diego with a backpack , containing three pipe bombs .
carlock detonated the bombs at the front doors of the courthouse , prosecutors said .
carlock , sanders and robinson were charged and each previously pleaded guilty for their parts in the plan .
" the evidence showed that he directed the may 4 , 2008 , bombing for the purpose of obtaining reward money and a break on his state charges by providing information about the bombing to law enforcement , " prosecutors said in a statement .
( cnn ) -- lewis hamilton extended his formula one drivers ' championship lead after finishing second behind red bull 's mark webber at the british grand prix .
world champion jenson button , who narrowly missed out on his first podium finish at silverstone after coming fourth , still trails mclaren teammate hamilton in second .
the australian leapfroged fellow red bull driver sebastian vettel , who is 24 points adrift of hamilton in fourth .
mclaren also lead red bull by 29 points at the top of the constructors ' championship .
nico rosberg of germany continues to outperform his mercedes teammate michael schumacher , recording his third podium finish this season to replace kubica in sixth .
lewis hamilton ( gb ) mclaren 145 points 2 .
fernando alonso ( sp ) ferrari 98 6 .
baghdad , iraq ( cnn ) -- as violence continues to wrack iraq , another ethnic slaughter may be in the making by sunni extremists from isis .
isis fighters have besieged the ethnic turkmen shiite town of amerli in the north for two months , and its fewer than 20,000 residents are without power and running out of food , water and medical supplies .
" the situation of the people in amerli is desperate and demands immediate action to prevent the possible massacre of its citizens , " said nickolay mladenov , the u.n. secretary-general 's special representative for iraq .
small town fights isis about 5,000 families live in amerli , which has been under siege for 70 days , according to dr. ali albayati , head of the turkmen saving foundation .
he told cnn the town is running without electricity , is out of medicine and can only turn to wells for water .
nearly three dozen villages surrounding amerli are already under isis control , albayati said .
surrounded on four sides , the 17,400 residents have had to defend themselves with only the help of local police , said masrwr aswad of iraq 's human rights commission .
their situation echoes the ordeal of iraq 's ethnic yazidis , whose plight after they were forced to flee into the mountains to escape militants isis triggered u.s. aid drops and the first u.s. airstrikes against isis .
( cnn ) -- in the middle of the idaho wilderness , a man on horseback had a brief conversation with two campers .
the horseback rider saw the man and girl wednesday and struck up a brief conversation with them , andrea dearden , spokeswoman for the ada county sheriff 's office , said friday .
he was not aware of the manhunt at the time , but he called the amber alert tip line after he saw a news account that night and realized the pair matched the description of dimaggio and 16-year-old hannah anderson , she said .
the rider 's impression of the pair was " it seemed odd but nothing as alarming , " dearden said .
" they did speak and exchange pleasantries .
i do n't think there was a lot of information exchanged , " she said .
" he left the conversation believing they were camping in the area . "
the rider said the man and girl were on foot , hiking with camping gear , dearden said .
dearden appeared to be correcting authorities ' earlier reports that the suspect and girl were spotted by more than one horseback rider .
investigators set up checkpoints where dimaggio and hannah were believed to be traveling in the river of no return wilderness area , about 15 miles outside cascade , dearden said .
authorities have n't yet evacuated any homes or businesses , she said , adding , " we have those access points secured . "
beijing ( cnn ) -- entrepreneurs of all stripes are cashing in on the lin-sanity phenomenon as swiftly as the nba sensation can pull off his furious fast breaks .
but while their winning run has come to an end , lin has gone on to become a media and marketing darling .
lin-related products have become hot items .
in new york , merchandise retailers are doing brisk business selling lin 's no. 17 jerseys .
" he 's made the knicks relevant again , " says larry dimitriou , manager of modell 's sporting goods store in manhattan .
jeremy ' lin-demand ' in china " we constantly get lin jerseys every day , " he says .
" i put one in the window to show people we have them .
a short time later , they 're gone . "
just as nimble and quick are the publishers of " linsanity : the improbable rise of jeremy lin " by alan goldsher , an electronic book that was turned around in just 72 hours .
available wherever e-books are sold , goldsher 's insta-book costs just $ 1.99 .
according to digital book world , fast-thinking authors have already churned out least seven e-books , all about the humble and wholesome harvard graduate .
not to be outdone , lin himself has filed to trademark " linsanity . "
the application , filed through the u.s. patent and trademark office , would give him exclusive rights to put the signature term on more than 50 consumer products , including clothing , mugs and even action figures .
( cnn ) -- a 42-year-old immigrant from rwanda , who is accused of lying her way into the united states after allegedly participating in the 1994 genocide that left up to 800,000 people dead , is going on trial in a new hampshire federal court .
jury selection is set to begin wednesday in the case of beatrice munyenyezi , who allegedly committed fraud in 1995 by denying her alleged involvement in mass rape , murder and kidnappings in rwanda a year earlier .
prosecutors allege munyenyezi , who is now a u.s. citizen , intentionally lied on a refugee questionnaire and naturalization documents about her role in the infamous slaughter , in which ethnic hutu militants butchered their tutsi counterparts over a three-month period .
one of the roadblocks was set up outside the ihuriro hotel -- an establishment owned by her husband 's family , according to the indictment .
the mother of three is allegedly married to former militia leader arsene shalom ntahobali , who was convicted of war crimes and sentenced to life in prison last year .
she allegedly lived in the hotel and helped pick out those who arrived at a nearby checkpoint to be executed and raped , the indictment said .
beijing ( cnn ) -- the wife of ai weiwei was taken from the chinese artist 's studio by police tuesday and was questioned for three hours , the high-profile dissident said .
four policemen took lu qing from the beijing studio to a nearby police station , he said .
she was released by police after questioning and is now a " criminal suspect , " he said .
they have not told her what crimes she is accused of , he added .
" i think the authorities are trying to threaten me through her , " he said , speculating that lu 's arrest was related to her plans to visit taiwan for an exhibition of her husband 's work .
she has now been told to stay in beijing , he added .
police did not respond to a cnn request for comment on the case .
" nobody can consider himself safe or innocent in an environment like this , " said the dissident , who was himself detained by police for 81 days earlier this year .
he was ultimately charged with tax evasion , and last week paid $ 1.3 million so he can contest the charges brought against his company , fake cultural development ltd .
had he not paid the sum , his wife -- who legally represents the company -- would have been jailed , he said .
the government says the company owes 15 million yuan ( $ 2.3 million ) .
the money was raised from 30,000 contributors , he said .
his family and human rights advocates believe that the real reason for his imprisonment is his criticism of the chinese government .
( cnn ) a 17-year-old male fatally shot an iraqi man watching his first snowfall in his new american hometown , targeting him and then continuing to fire as the immigrant rushed to get inside , dallas police said friday .
authorities do n't believe the suspected shooter knew the victim , ahmed al-jumaili , dallas police maj. jeff cotner said reporters , nor do they believe he knew al-jumaili 's ethnicity .
and they have n't given any indication al-jumaili had anything to do with what led the teen to head out armed in the first place -- a purported shooting at his girlfriend 's apartment , if that in fact happened .
cotner said that , while there have nearby shootings that might be tied to gangs , " we ( have been ) unable to substantiate ... whether or not there was an actual shooting at the apartment . "
" when he saw mr. al-jumaili and their family , he targeted them , he shot at them with intent , " cotner said of the suspect , who is under arrest .
" and as mr. al-jumaili ran back toward his apartment , he tracked him with his rifle and continued to fire . "
dallas police named the suspected shooter , though cnn is not identifying him yet since he 's a minor and it 's not clear if he 'll be charged as an adult .
the teen turns 18 in may , police said .
until the fatal shots ended al-jumalli 's life , march 4 had been a day of fun and joy for al-jumaili and his family .
the venus , a 100-million-euro ( $ 137.5 million ) , 260-foot-long yacht , made its unofficial debut in late october .
it 's currently stuck in the port of amsterdam after starck hired a debt-collection agency to attempt to remit the final payment for his design .
according to lawyers at ubik -- starck 's design company -- speaking with reuters , the designer has only received 6 million of the 9-million-euro commission and is seeking the rest of the payment before the venus will be released .
" these guys [ jobs and starck ] trusted each other , so there was n't a very detailed contract , " roelant klaassen , a lawyer for ubik , told reuters .
the venus is a floating ode to both jobs and starck 's minimalist aesthetic .
made entirely out of aluminum , with 40-foot-long floor-to-ceiling windows lining the passenger compartment and seven 27-inch imacs making up the command center .
in walter isaacson 's biography of jobs , the late apple ceo is quoted as saying that , " i know that it 's possible i will die and leave laurene with a half-built boat , but i have to keep going on .
if i do n't , it 's an admission that i 'm about to die . "
subscribe to wired magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a free gift !
click here !
he was 71 .
forstmann suffered from brain cancer , his spokesman tells the new york times .
although the famed billionaire never married , he dated " top chef " host lakshmi , 41 , over the last several years .
their relationship made headlines when she gave birth to now 1-year-old daughter krishna in february 2010 , which spawned speculation over the identity of the father .
( venture capitalist adam dell was later revealed as the father . )
forstmann was also briefly linked to princess diana .
according to " the diana chronicles " by newsweek and the daily beast editor tina brown , the two were plotting to wed in the last weeks of her life .
see the full article at people.com .
all rights reserved .
justin carter , who was 18 when he was arrested , will appear in comal county ( texas ) district court on tuesday , july 16 , for a bond hearing , according to his lawyer , don flanary .
flanary told cnn he will argue to have carter 's $ 500,000 bond , which his family can not afford to cover , reduced .
he said carter is not doing well , and his family says he has been placed on suicide watch .
" justin is in bad shape and has suffered quite a bit of abuse while in jail , " flanary said in an e-mail .
" we will likely bring out these issues at the bond hearing . "
in february , carter and a friend were arguing on facebook with someone else over the online video game " league of legends . "
according to court documents , justin wrote , " i 'm f *** ed in the head alright .
i think i ' ma ( sic ) shoot up a kindergarten and watch the blood of the innocent rain down and eat the beating heart of one of them . "
jack carter said his son followed the claim with " lol " and " j/k " -- indicating that the comment was n't serious .
( cnn ) -- jason priestley played brandon walsh on " beverly hills 90210 " from 1990 to 1998 .
having long since hung up his peach pit uniform and beverly hills beach club cabana boy polo shirt , his character became a journalist and departed to take a job at the washington bureau of the new york chronicle , and priestley left the show four episodes into the series ' ninth season .
" i felt that the character of brandon had kind of run his course .
i had explored everything i wanted to explore with him , " priestley told cnn while promoting his new book , " jason priestley : a memoir " ( harperone ) at the new york bureau of cnn .
understanding what i do now about story and character , i believe that [ aaron spelling ] was pushing the story in a direction that would have had brandon and kelly end up together at the end of the show and i think i probably should have stuck around to its fruition . "
fans of " 90210 " surely remember kelly taylor 's ( jennie garth ) " i choose me " speech following brandon and dylan mckay 's ( luke perry ) showdown for her affections .
brandon wanted kelly to marry him .
" i think my departure also hurt aaron 's feelings , " continued priestley .
" aaron and i had worked very closely together for a number of years .
he gave me a lot of opportunities , and i feel like my departure hurt his feelings and i never meant to do that . "
the cast was glossy and diverse , including jimmy smits , blair underwood , jill eikenberry , michael tucker , susan dey , richard dysart , alan rachins and corbin bernsen .
most of all , it pushed the boundaries of the legal show the way " hill street " did with cop shows .
this was no " perry mason , " or even " the defenders . "
bochco being bochco , the hard stuff was paired with moments of silly humor and steamy sex ( or silly sex and steamy humor ) , making for a high-wire balance of drama and comedy .
one first-season episode got people talking about a fictional sex act called the " venus butterfly " ; later , the show actually killed off a character by dropping her down an elevator shaft .
the big hair and big-shouldered suits of the '80s may be gone , but the show remains influential .
david e. kelley , a real-life lawyer who later created " picket fences , " " the practice " and " ally mcbeal , " got his television start as a writer on " l.a. law . "
cnn spoke to smits , now a star of " sons of anarchy " who played idealistic hispanic attorney victor sifuentes , and alan rachins , who played bottom-line-oriented partner douglas brackman jr. and later starred on " dharma and greg , " about the show and its impact .
( cnn ) -- isis has released a new video of british hostage john cantlie , this time showing him in the syrian border city of kobani .
in a segment that lasts for more than five minutes , cantlie argues that -- unlike western media accounts of recent days -- kobani is mostly under control of the terror group , which calls itself the islamic state .
he claims that isis fighters are mopping up , and that the all-out battle for the city is over .
kurdish forces and isis militants have been clashing in the key border city for more than a month .
on sunday , the syrian observatory for human rights said at least 800 people have been killed there since the fighting started .
the video posted online monday is the latest isis has released of cantlie , who 's been held hostage for nearly two years .
the british photojournalist , who also wrote several articles for major british newspapers , was kidnapped in november 2012 along with american journalist james foley .
the video released monday portrays cantlie as a reporter in the field describing kobani .
" it seemed almost like a standup that a cnn correspondent would do in a foreign city , " peter bergen , cnn national security analyst , said .
but clearly he 's under duress . "
( cnn ) prison life wo n't be pretty for aaron hernandez , the former nfl player and convicted murderer sentenced to life without parole .
after correction officers evaluate him , he will be shipped to massachusetts ' flagship maximum-security prison , one of the most high-tech jails in the united states with no history of breakouts : the souza-baranowski correctional center in shirley , about 40 miles outside downtown boston .
it 's called souza , for short , and it 's the state 's newest prison , opened in 1998 , with a matrix of 366 cameras recording live 24 hours a day and a microwave detection perimeter with taut wire .
one stubborn problem is that opiates are smuggled to inmates , the legal advocates said .
" it 's very shiny and clean looking and very sterile , " said leslie walker , executive director of prisoners ' legal services of massachusetts , who has been visiting the souza prison about every six weeks for the past 15 years and serves indigent prisoners there .
but , she added : " it is a very dangerous prison that is right now experiencing a veritable flood of opiates . "
officials said hernandez , 25 , is being processed at the maximum-security massachusetts correctional institution-cedar junction in walpole , just a handful of miles from gillette stadium , where he once played tight end for the new england patriots under a five-year $ 40 million contract .
( cnn ) -- a former hospital worker systematically shot and killed four people in upstate new york on saturday , authorities in two counties said .
frank garcia , 34 , was arrested saturday afternoon .
" the individuals who were shot were known to the suspect .
it was not necessarily a random act , " monroe county sheriff patrick o'flynn said .
another woman was wounded and is undergoing treatment at a nearby hospital , he said .
the second shooting happened at a house in nearby ontario county on saturday afternoon .
christopher glatz , 45 , and his wife , kim , 38 , were killed " execution-style " while their two teenagers were in the suburban rochester home , ontario county sheriff philip povero said .
the teens were not wounded , but it is unclear whether they witnessed the event .
povero said neighbors reported garcia went door-to-door looking for the glatzes ' home .
" he was saying different things to different people , but he was clearly looking for that home . "
ballistic evidence has connected the two crime scenes , povero said .
investigators found the matching brass cartridges from a pistol found on garcia when he was arrested , he said .
garcia was arrested at a restaurant saturday afternoon , cnn affiliate r-news in rochester reported .
( cnn ) -- samantha stosur stopped caroline wozniacki from clinching the year-end women 's no. 1 tennis ranking with a shock 6-4 6-3 victory at the wta championships in qatar on wednesday night .
the australian romped to her second straight victory in the maroon group , following her revenge win over french open champion francesca schiavone on tuesday .
it was her second victory over a top-ranked player this year , having beaten serena williams on the way to reaching the final in paris .
the fifth seed fired 26 winners to wozniacki 's 14 , and could afford to serve two double-faults in the deciding game before the dane returned a backhand long on her first match-point .
wozniacki , who thrashed seventh seed dementieva on tuesday , will next take on italy 's schiavone on thursday .
kim clijsters , who won the $ 4.5 million season-ending event in 2002 and 2003 , earlier triumphed in her opening white group match 6-2 6-3 against fellow former no. 1 jelena jankovic despite serving 10 double-faults .
the three-time u.s. open champion was less impressive in the second set but had enough to see off the serbian , who is struggling with illness in the oppressive heat in doha .
( cnn ) -- serbia will face france in the final of the davis cup after a tense 3-2 semifinal victory over the czech republic in front of a passionate home support in belgrade .
the czechs led 2-1 after winning saturday 's doubles rubber , meaning the hosts had to claim victory in both reverse singles to secure their first-ever appearance in the final .
world number two novak djokovic , who missed friday 's opening singles with a stomach complaint , drew the two nations level at 2-2 when he recovered from the loss of the opening set to defeat czech no. 1 tomas berdych 4-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 .
it completed a miserable weekend for wimbledon finalist berdych , who lost both of his singles rubbers .
there was less drama in the other semifinal , where france completed their domination over argentina with a 5-0 whitewash victory in lyon .
the french led 3-0 going into the final day , meaning nothing rested on the results of the reverse singles rubbers .
however , gilles simon 's 7-6 6-7 6-3 defeat of eduardo schwank meant the whitewash became a possibility -- and it was completed when arnaud clement beat horacio zeballos 7-5 6-1 .
the victory ensures france , who dumped out holders spain in the previous round , reached their first davis cup final since 2002 .
but that trajectory changed thursday when the u.s. ambassador to the united nations withdrew her name from consideration to succeed current secretary of state hillary clinton .
" however , if nominated , i am now convinced that the confirmation process would be lengthy , disruptive and costly -- to you and to our most pressing national and international priorities .
that trade-off is simply not worth it to our country .
... therefore , i respectfully request that you no longer consider my candidacy at this time . "
a former administration official with knowledge of rice 's decision said this was rice 's decision ; the white house did not ask her to stand down .
obama said that while he regretted rice 's decision to withdraw he would continue to rely on her advice .
rice 's path began decades ago with the help of family friend madeleine albright , the woman who became the first female secretary of state .
( cnn ) -- yoshinobu miyake is perhaps the only athlete apart from dick fosbury who has had a technique named after him .
miyake : the strongest man ever ?
while fosbury was throwing himself backward over the bar in the high jump in mexico city 1968 , miyake was placing his ankles together , instead of apart , for the lifting snatch .
the " miyake pull " was also coined " frog style " after the stance the lifter adopts before the pull : heels together with knees fanned outward to around sixty degrees with a wide grip on the bar , resembling a frog upon the lift .
the technique proved physiologically efficient for a body bearing some 60 kilograms ( 132 pounds ) of stress .
miyake 's olympic gold in 1968 is less well known than fosbury 's , but pound for pound , in his own sport , he is considered one of the strongest men who ever lived -- and japan 's finest weightlifting exponent .
born in miyagi prefecture in honshu , north of tokyo , in 1939 , miyake was all but unstoppable in the mid-1960s .
during that time he set 25 world records , many consecutively as he bettered his own standards .
after coming fourth at the 1972 munich games , miyake retired from competitive action to coach japan 's weightlifting team , helping his brother , yoshiyuki , become world champion in 1969 and 1971 .
her disappearance set off a search that extended for 30 miles outside of lovingston , virginia , and involved helicopters , search parties with canine units , the nelson county sheriff 's office , virginia state police and fbi .
randy taylor , 48 , was seen on the video and was arrested in her abduction sunday , police told cnn affiliate wrc-tv , but taylor 's attorney , michael hallahan , told wvir that taylor was arrested because they found one of alexis ' hairs in his camper .
the attorney also told wvir his client was n't the last person to see alexis and that police need to be looking for a " black male , mid - to late-20s , cornrows and a 20-year-old burgundy caprice with 22-inch wheels . "
they were both parked at the gas pumps , and alexis made a reference to smoking marijuana , hallahan said .
taylor told her he 'd like some marijuana , the attorney said .
she told him to meet at another location in lovingston and they rode up there in both cars , " the lawyer told the station .
that " guy , " alexis and taylor all took separate cars to taylor 's camper in lovingston , where taylor bought $ 60 worth of marijuana .
the men smoked and drank together , but murphy did not , the attorney said .
a man has been charged with a federal hate crime in connection with what authorities say was a racially motivated " knockout " assault against an elderly black man , the u.s. justice department said thursday .
hate crimes prevention act .
the suspect made a video of the attack november 24 , the complaint said .
in the video , he allegedly commented that " the plan is to see if i were to hit a black person , would this be nationally televised ? "
he then allegedly " hit the man with such force that the man immediately fell to the ground .
barrett then laughed and said ' knockout , ' as he ran to his vehicle and fled . "
the victim suffered two jaw fractures and was hospitalized for several days , the complaint said .
barrett 's attorney , george parnham , told cnn the affidavit does not " pull back the layers of mental health . "
his client has bipolar disorder and takes medication , parnham said in an earlier call .
barrett " is very sorry for this person , " parnham said , adding that he and his client have n't had much opportunity to discuss the facts of the case .
sandra bullock is one of the highest-profile actresses in hollywood and also one of the world 's most photographed moms .
it 's hard to pick up a tabloid that does n't feature a photo of the oscar-winner with her adopted 3-year-old son , louis bardot .
and now bullock is speaking out in support of a new law that increases penalties for paparazzi harassing the children of celebrities .
" we are fair game , i get it , " bullock told cnn at her handprint and footprint ceremony outside the tcl chinese theatre in hollywood on wednesday .
" children should be allowed to be children and not be sold .
you 're taking a picture of a child and selling it ! "
california gov. jerry brown on tuesday signed the bill , which increases the penalties for intentional harassment of a child because of their parents ' employment .
the effort gained momentum after actresses halle berry and jennifer garner testified before the california assembly judiciary committee in august to support the bill .
the pair opened up about the hellish conditions faced by their children as a result of aggressive paparazzi .
nicole kidman knocked down by photog bullock commends the two on their fight .
" i think it 's brilliant , " she explains .
" the girls worked so hard , the attorney worked so hard , and i think it 's a good sign . "
according to a release from the governor 's office , the new law " increases the maximum jail time for harassment of a child or ward because of the person 's employment from six months in the county jail to a year in the county jail . "
beijing ( cnn ) -- " please excuse me , i ca n't talk about this . "
we had tried to get this british businessman to talk about the mysterious death of neil heywood .
heywood has emerged from the shadows to be a key link in a story of intrigue , mystery and betrayal that goes all the way to the inner sanctum of china 's secretive communist party .
heywood was found dead last november in his hotel room in the sprawling southwestern chinese city of chongqing .
an autopsy was not performed , media reports said , and his body was cremated .
slowly , however , media reports are raising more uncomfortable questions about heywood 's death .
he was married to a chinese woman and had business interests in the country .
he moved in the orbit of a company known as hakluyt and co. , a british strategic information consultancy formed by former officers of the uk 's spy agency mi6 .
hakluyt has released a statement on heywood , saying , " we had a long history of advising western companies on china and we are among those who sought ( heywood 's ) advice .
we are greatly saddened by his death . "
now , the british government is asking china to investigate heywood 's death .
" we recently asked the chinese authorities to investigate the case further after we heard suggestions that there were suspicious circumstances . "
for comparison , melissa mccarthy 's last major film bridesmaids ( though it was in a supporting role ) opened at $ 26.2 million , in 2,918 theaters .
with an opening like this , big things are surely expected from seth gordon 's r-rated comedy which has already surpassed its $ 35 million production budget .
though bateman and gordon had a successful run with horrible bosses after a $ 28.3 million opening weekend in july 2011 , bateman has n't had this kind of luck with most of his starring roles .
universal 's the change-up ( with ryan reynolds ) opened at $ 13.5 million in august 2011 and went on to gross only $ 37.1 million domestically , on a $ 52 million production budget .
jonathan levine 's warm bodies took second place for its second weekend with $ 11.5 million , bringing its domestic total to $ 36.7 million .
this breaks levine 's record , beating the lifetime domestic gross of his last feature , the cancer dramedy 50/50 with seth rogen and joseph gordon-levitt , which brought in $ 35 million .
the r-rated hitchcock-style , prescription-drug thriller side effects ( cinemascore : b ) ended up beating director steven soderbergh 's january 2012 weekend opening of haywire , earning $ 10 million weekend this weekend and averaging $ 3,845 per theater .
we talked a little bit about stars rooney mara and channing tatum 's box office history yesterday .
another star of side effects is jude law , and he 's got a varied track record at the box office .
he generally participates in ensemble casts -- anna karenina , the sherlock holmes franchise , soderbergh 's contagion , the holiday -- making his singular box office appeal somewhat more elusive .
side effects has soderbergh 's name and another strong ensemble , and could go on to a respectable run , even though it wo n't reach contagion heights ( the epidemic thriller eventually grossed $ 76 million ) .
the 30-year-old finalized his move on thursday after passing a medical and agreeing personal terms with the big-spending french league leaders .
maxwell , who has never made a full international appearance for his country , joined barcelona from inter milan in july 2009 , and played 57 la liga matches for the club without scoring a goal .
who are football 's top january transfer targets ?
in his two full seasons with the catalan giants , maxwell collected a remarkable 10 trophies ; three spanish super cups , two european super cups , two league titles , two club world cups and one champions league .
however , he struggled to command a regular place in the barcelona side , with compatriot adriano and frenchman eric abidal often selected ahead of him .
psg sporting director leonardo told reporters : " we 're thrilled , he is a player i have always liked and who plays in the same position that i used to play in -- we have something in common . "
maxwell himself added : " the main motivation for me to come here was the interest that psg showed in me .
the ambition the club has for the future also persuaded me to join . "
( cnn ) -- armed renegade soldiers walked through mali 's damaged presidential palace on thursday , hours after the troops ' leaders claimed to have ousted the west african nation 's democratically elected leader .
shell casings , bullet-ridden cars and shattered windows were evident in video from outside the palace , as well as at least one burned-out room inside .
and there was no sign of or indication of what happened to president amadou toumani toure , with the military group 's apparent leader capt. amadou sanogo saying little about him beyond that he was " safe . "
still , within much of mali on thursday night , the situation appeared to be relatively calm as most people appeared to have abided by coup leaders ' call for a nighttime curfew .
amadou konare , a spokesman for the troops behind the apparent coup , asked citizens to return to their jobs friday , though he gave no timetable as to when mali 's borders would reopen .
earlier thursday , konare was among a group of soldiers wearing fatigues who said on television that they had suspended the constitution and dissolved public institutions because of the government 's handling of an insurgency .
surgeons told an aid worker -- who asked to remain anonymous -- that 29 people who had been injured as a result of the recent unrest were in bamako 's main hospital , while another nine were in a medical facility in kati , about 18 kilometers ( 11 miles ) to the northwest .
( cnn ) -- real madrid will name jose mourinho as their new coach on monday after the spanish giants confirmed they had agreed a compensation package with his current club inter milan .
mourinho , who led the italian serie a side to an unprecedented treble this season , will now be released from his san siro contract -- which ran until 2012 .
blog : mourinho will bring magic to madrid mourinho reportedly had a release clause which meant inter were to receive 16 million euros should he depart the club .
a joint statement from the two clubs read : " presidents massimo moratti and florentino perez met on friday and , in light of the excellent and constructive relations between the two clubs , an agreement was reached on the contractual clause that binds jose mourinho to fc internazionale .
" the time and the manner by which the agreement will be honored has been defined .
moratti had earlier told reporters that he was unwilling to compromise with real on the subject of the release clause .
" mourinho has been spectacular , intelligent , brave and we acknowledge that , " said moratti .
" this does n't take away the fact that there is still an issue regarding the negotiations with mourinho and with the club that wants him .
( cnn ) -- rafael nadal may be most at home on a clay tennis court , but he has always found comfort on the sea .
the " king of clay " has racked up countless titles on his favored surface , but hailing from the island of majorca , the balearic sea has also been the scene for much personal enjoyment .
there was no better way , then , for nadal to gear up for this week 's atp monte-carlo masters than to sail around monaco 's harbor while being treated to spectacular views of the cote d'azur coastline .
the world no. 1 -- who is looking to reclaim his title in the principality after novak djokovic ended his eight-year reign in 2013 -- jumped on board the tuiga , manning the rudder and learning the ropes of how to sail the yacht club de monaco 's flagship .
" it was a wonderful way to enjoy an afternoon , " nadal told the atp world tour 's official website .
i am from an island , so the sea , the sails and everything involved means a lot to me . "
nadal , who will also be looking to avenge last month 's miami masters final defeat to djokovic , still lives in the majorcan town of manacor where he was born .
but while the 27-year-old is more likely to be found on a motor boat than a sailing ship in the waters outside his house , his experience in monte carlo has left a lasting impression on him .
" i spend a lot of time on the sea when i 'm at home , especially in the summer .
( cnn ) -- tiger woods lived up to his star billing at the turkish airlines open with a tournament best 63 friday to put himself firmly in contention at the halfway stage of the $ 7 million event .
the world no. 1 has been followed by sizable and sometimes over enthusiastic galleries in antalya and was left frustrated by rain delays on the first day .
woods returned early friday morning to play the final eight holes of this opening round , picking up three birdies before a late bogey left him on two-under 70 .
he charged up the leader board to move to 11-under , just one adrift of race to dubai leader henrik stenson , ian poulter , victor dubuisson and justin walters .
" i 'm right there ; that 's the whole idea , " he told the european tour website .
" got two more days of hopefully making a lot of birdies .
" we know it 's going to take something really low .
you 're going to have to go 20 plus probably to win this tournament , " he added .
stenson , who formed a star studded trio with woods and u.s. open champion justin rose , backed up his first round 64 with a 68 , despite playing with an injured wrist .
i have inflammation there , and i strained something else yesterday , as well before i teed off .
( cnn ) -- they share the same surname -- djokovic -- but for now at least , that is where the similarity ends .
novak is at the pinnacle of his sport and was the center of attention in dubai after completing in his first victory since winning the australian open in january .
at 20 , marko is four years younger , and 868 places further down the rankings -- and on monday he slumped to an opening-round defeat in front of his elder sibling .
djokovic senior was on hand to watch his brother 's elimination , at the hands of russian qualifier andrey golubev , but says that marko can make his mark in the upper echelons of the game .
del potro too strong for llodra in marseille final " he has to face the pressure of having the djokovic surname , " novak said in quotes carried by afp .
" he 's trying to fight with his mind more than with his game .
" it was difficult for me to sit courtside , " he said .
but i was happy my brother got a wild card .
he is not at his level yet , but he 's getting there . "
as for marko , he said there were plenty of positives and negatives to being the brother of the world 's no. 1 player .
pretoria , south africa ( cnn ) -- an emotional oscar pistorius apologized monday to the family of reeva steenkamp , the girlfriend he killed on valentine 's day last year , saying he woke up thinking of them and praying for them every day .
" i would like to take this opportunity to apologize -- to mr. and mrs. steenkamp , to reeva 's family -- to those who are here today who knew her , " pistorius said as he took the stand for the first time at his murder trial .
" i ca n't imagine the pain and the sorrow and the emptiness that i have caused you and your family .
... i can promise you that when she went to bed that night , she felt loved , " he said , his voice breaking as if he was fighting back tears .
it was the first time he has spoken in public about steenkamp 's death , which he says was an accident .
he pleaded not guilty to murder when the high-profile trial opened last month .
judge thokozile masipa also betrayed no emotion as pistorius spoke but did once ask him to talk louder , saying she could hardly hear him .
monday was the first day of the defense phase of the trial , following three weeks of prosecution in march .
pistorius , who says he mistook steenkamp for an intruder in his house in the dark , testified that he has been suffering nightmares since the killing and wakes up smelling blood .
i 'll have another , with a finish of 2:01:83 , earned nearly $ 1.5 million of the $ 2.2 million purse .
that 's quite a payoff for a horse that was purchased last year for the modest sum of $ 35,000 .
jockey mario gutierrez , making his derby debut , called i 'll have another a steady competitor .
" they did n't believe ( i 'll have another ) could have made it this far , " gutierrez said .
" but even if they wanted me to pick ( any horse in the field ) , i would have stayed with him . "
the winner had 15-1 odds ; bodemeister was at 4-1 , according to the derby website .
dullahan , with 12-1 odds , also made a late run and finished third .
i 'll have another defeated bodemeister by more than one length at the 1â ¼ - mile classic , attended by a record churchill downs crowd .
the 138th running was marked by a couple of other derby firsts : it was the first victory for trainer doug o'neill and the first win from the no. 19 post position with a full field .
o'neill called gutierrez " the man " for his own performance .
" he was just so confident , " o'neill told nbc .
" we had such a brilliant race . "
bob baffert , a derby stalwart and the trainer of bodemeister , said he was " really proud of the way " his horse ran .
having won all three races he 's participated in this year , o'neill said he was excited for the next leg of the triple crown -- the 137th edition of the preakness , set for may 19 in baltimore .
" maryland , here we come , " he said .
ferguson , missouri ( cnn ) -- as the st. louis suburb of ferguson calmed friday after nights of protests over the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teen , the question remains : where 's the police officer who pulled the trigger ?
the shooting sparked days of violent protests in ferguson as residents demanded his arrest .
governor orders drawdown of national guard in ferguson here 's what is known about his whereabouts .
where is he now ?
few outside wilson 's family and authorities know for sure .
wilson owns a house in a modest neighborhood about 20 miles from ferguson .
but several neighbors have told cnn that wilson left home before his name was released last week .
what are his neighbors saying about his whereabouts ?
not much .
" we do n't know anything ... pray for peace , " one read , according to the post-dispatch .
" we have 2 children .
no comment , " another family wrote .
any trails on social media ?
the newspaper reported that wilson deactivated his social media accounts before his name went public .
the only social media presence for him now is from supporters , who have set up facebook pages to support and raise money for him .
johannesburg , south africa ( cnn ) -- a south african white supremacist group has retracted its statement vowing to avenge the killing of its leader , eugene terreblanche , a spokesman for the group said monday .
" the statement was made by an emotional member of our organization , " said pieter steyn , a spokesman for the neo-nazi afrikaner weerstandsbeweging , also called the afrikaner resistance movement or awb .
two of his farm workers ages 21 and 16 are scheduled to appear in court tuesday after turning themselves in , police said .
police said the 69-year-old was bludgeoned and stabbed to death with clubs and a machete in an attack at his farm near the town of ventersdorp in south africa 's north west province .
steyn told cnn he is pleased with the work of the south african police , who said there would be a heavy police presence at tuesday 's court appearance .
the awb has blamed the killing on the singing of a controversial apartheid-era song , " shoot the farmer . "
the ruling african national congress party 's youth leader , julius malema , had sung the song in recent weeks until a court ruling barred him from doing so .
steyn called on south african president jacob zuma to act to ease tensions .
" he needs to address julius malema urgently , " steyn said .
" we are finding it difficult to keep our members calm under the current circumstances .
cedar rapids , iowa ( cnn ) -- floodwaters inundated iowa city and the university of iowa arts campus on sunday despite what one official called a " herculean effort " to hold back the water with sandbags .
residents surround lt. tobey harrison at a cedar rapids checkpoint as they wait to see their homes sunday .
" we 've had the [ national guard ] working next to prisoner inmates , sandbagging , " said david jackson , the university 's facilities manager .
" students , faculty and staff , leaders of the university , the president of the university -- out sandbagging . "
the iowa river in iowa city crested at 31.5 feet and was expected to remain at that level until monday , city and state officials said sunday .
classes at the university have been suspended until next sunday , according to its web site .
" fortunately we were able to save all the art , " she said .
at least 8 feet of water rushed through the campus , officials said .
" it 's very hard to watch the devastation of our university , " she said .
( cnn ) -- a line of angry protesters waving signs and wearing scows formed a ring around the front entrance of the daily news ' headquarters .
they took turns at the bullhorn accusing the paper of everything from libel to genocide .
they did n't bring a list of demands ; they were n't looking to negotiate .
they had one goal : to shut the paper down forever .
" we 're going to march until the walls come down , " one shouted .
employees who would normally head out the revolving door to one of the lunch trucks along broad street developed a taste for cafeteria food that day .
not chuck stone .
stone , senior editor of the newspaper they had pledged to kill , walked out the front entrance and met their scows with a broad smile .
picketers committed to the complete destruction of the daily news returned his smile or nodded in recognition as they passed him .
a few even shook his hand .
i 'll never forget that scene .
it was , at once , improbable yet typical of a man who was as comfortable in the salons of power as he was in the embrace of the disadvantaged .
chuck was the last man you 'd pick out of a lineup of guys suspected of aiding and abetting dangerous felons .
in his horn-rimmed glasses , hand-tied , silk bowties and graying crew cut , he looked like a grown-up version of the nerds that tough guys used to beat up to burnish their reps. but fugitives who were wanted for vicious assaults and heinous crimes would call chuck before they called their lawyers .
in a town where some cops were known to administer curbside justice , surrendering to chuck stone was a way to keep from having their faces rearranged on the way to jail .
the longest-serving lawmaker in u.s. congressional history , a legendary motown artist , and the matriarch of a renowned political family will be among this year 's recipients of the nation 's highest civilian honor , the white house announced monday .
rep. john dingell , stevie wonder and ethel kennedy are three of the nineteen americans who obama will bestow the presidential medal of freedom upon later this month .
dingell has served nearly 60 years in congress representing a district outside detroit .
he 'll retire at the end of this session .
wonder has won 25 grammys and an oscar for his fusion of soul , rhythm and blues and jazz .
other honorees this year include meryl streep , the prolific actress known for holding the most oscar nominations of any actor in history .
she stars this winter in " into the woods , " the musical composed by stephen sondheim , to whom obama will also award the medal of freedom on november 24 .
tom brokaw , the former " nbc nightly news " anchor , will be honored as well , alongside actress marlo thomas , golfer charles sifford and author isabel allende .
the other medalists are scientist mildred dresselhaus ; native american activist suzan harjo ; former reps. abner mikva of illinois and patsy takemoto mink of hawaii ; and economist robert solow .
five awards will be delivered posthumously : to " freedom summer " civil rights activists james chaney , andrew goodman , and michael schwerner ; to the well-known choreographer alvin ailey , who founded the namesake dance company ; and to rep. edward roybal , the founder of the congressional hispanic caucus .
( cnn ) -- like he does every week , chris hardwick hosted " talking dead " on sunday night -- but this time , he was coping with a heartbreaking loss .
his father , billy hardwick , died of an apparent heart attack a day earlier .
chris hardwick , who hosts the aftershow for amc 's most-watched series , " walking dead , " said he decided to continue with his duties because it was an appreciated distraction .
he said he was grateful that he had a chance to tell his 72-year-old father that he loved him , and encouraged viewers to appreciate their families .
billy hardwick was a hall of fame bowler who also appeared on his son 's podcast , nerdist .
he was amazingly open and it brought us closer , " chris hardwick tweeted saturday .
according to the professional bowling association , billy hardwick 's career took off after " one of the greatest turnarounds in professional bowling history . "
he went from a rookie in 1962 to winning four titles the next season .
after he retired , he opened billy hardwick 's all-star lanes in memphis , tennessee .
people we lost in 2013 cnn 's susan candiotti contributed to this report .
new york ( cnn ) -- a self-described " ex-madam " who claims she supplied fellow city comptroller candidate eliot spitzer with escorts several years ago is facing charges of illegally distributing prescription drugs , authorities said .
kristin davis , 38 , was arrested on monday night and charged with selling adderall , xanax and other drugs .
she 's also accused of orchestrating the sale of approximately 180 oxycodone pills for cash .
the candidate was released tuesday on $ 100,000 bail , with a preliminary hearing scheduled for september 5 .
prosecutors said she will have strict pretrial supervision .
" prescription drug abuse is the fastest-growing drug problem in this country , resulting in more overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined , and this office has a zero tolerance policy towards anyone who helps to spread this plague at any level , " preet bharara , manhattan u.s. attorney , said in a statement .
spitzer , weiner and why new york is talking about sex davis is charged with four counts of distributing and possessing with intent to distribute a controlled substance .
she faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count , if convicted .
she told the witness she provided these drugs to people at house parties , authorities say .
an attorney for davis was could not be immediately reached for comment .
davis ' campaign manager , andrew miller , said he was aware of the arrest but could n't provide any information .
( cnn ) -- casey anthony is responsible for the 2008 death of her 2-year-old daughter caylee , a report released thursday by florida 's department of children and families concludes .
a month after a jury acquitted anthony on murder and child neglect charges , the state agency found that anthony " is the caregiver responsible for the verified maltreatments of death , threatened harm and failure to protect " in her daughter 's death .
the agency had no contact with the anthonys prior to the girl 's disappearance in the summer of 2008 , hoeppner added .
the orange county sheriff 's office will not take any further action as a result of the report , capt. angelo nieves said thursday .
" this closes out the dcf case , and it does not create additional follow-up on our part , " he said .
the report said : " the department of children and families concludes that the actions or the lack of actions by the alleged perpetrator ultimately resulted or contributed in the death of the child . "
the report was signed by officials in the department wednesday .
anthony is now free .
while she was cleared on murder and aggravated child abuse charges , the 25-year-old orlando woman was convicted on four counts related to misleading law enforcement authorities .
she was sentenced to four years in jail on those convictions , but was given credit for the time she had already served between her arrest and the end of the seven-week trial and was released from jail in mid-july .
prosecutors can not appeal the acquittals .
( cnn ) -- all big ideas start small , and calle 13 -- a wildly popular alternative urban band from puerto rico -- is no exception .
its members , rene perez , who goes by " residente , " and eduardo cabra , " visitante , " are stepbrothers .
when their parents divorced , cabra would visit perez at his father 's house on 13th street , or calle 13 .
he was required to identify himself to enter , as either a resident , " residente " or visitor , " visitante , " in spanish .
the names stuck .
" later , it took on another meaning , with the question of whether immigrants are residents or visitors , " said perez , who along with cabra , recently sat down to talk with cnn en espaã ± ol 's claudia palacios .
neither brother could have imagined then what calle 13 would become -- one of the most highly praised and talked-about groups to come out of latin america in years .
it has won more than 20 grammys and moved beyond its reggaeton roots to include instruments and sounds from all over the region , winning critical and popular praise in the process .
asked how he views his career now , perez said he 's matured and made some adjustments so that people can better hear and understand his message .
" i liked to use bad words , " said perez , who raps and writes the group 's lyrics .
( cnn ) -- flash floods swept saturday through the eastern indian states of odisha , where at least 19 people were killed , and andhra pradesh , where another 21 were killed , cnn-ibn reported .
" the flood water entered our village suddenly , " one rescued villager told reuters .
" we tried to save our belongings but could not .
at last we ran away to a safe place .
now the problem is we do n't have food to eat and are staying under open sky . "
but a local puri government official , madhusudhan das , said help was under way .
" we have arranged for dry fruits and have also taken efforts for evacuation , " he said .
" we have arranged free kitchen for them .
houses have been damaged on a large scale .
we are trying our level best to finish the huge amount of work within a week and we 'll also provide them assistance for house damage . "
in all , 13 districts in odisha were affected , p.k. mohapatra , special relief commissioner , said in a telephone interview .
most affected was the ganjam district , where 85,000 people were evacuated , he said .
" the situation is very grim as the entire delta area is completely inundated , " guntur district collector s suresh kumar told cnn 's sister network .
flooding led officials to cancel the fifth of a planned series of seven one day international cricket matches between india and australia .
a 29-year-old who admitted leaking details of a secret u.s. government program that collects massive phone and internet data now says he does n't want attention .
too late , edward snowden .
you 're getting it -- on every scale , good and bad , across the internet on social media and on every news broadcast .
people of every age and range of experience , including national security experts , are weighing in on what you 've done .
some love you , others despise you .
you 're now a lightning rod for spirited debate surrounding government transparency versus public protection against the threat of terrorism .
like wikileaks ' source bradley manning , now on trial for leaking secrets , snowden said he independently decided that the program was counter to american principles and should be revealed .
" there is no public oversight , " he told the guardian newspaper .
like manning , he went outside the system , and critics are blasting the computer expert for not airing concerns internally .
snowden 's actions have united some strange bedfellows .
opensecrets.org lists snowden as contributing to the 2012 presidential campaign of rand paul 's father , libertarian ron paul .
dozens of facebook pages supporting snowden have popped up in the past day .
there are at least 2 million mentions of the north carolina native on twitter .
comments are so wide-ranging it 's hard to put a finger on one theme , but social media aggregator buzzfeed says that the word " hero " pops up more on twitter than " traitor . "
( cnn ) -- the lawyer for the neighborhood watch leader who fatally shot unarmed 17-year-old trayvon martin in sanford , florida , said thursday that his client has received about $ 200,000 from supporters .
orlando lawyer mark o'mara told cnn 's " ac360 " that george zimmerman told him wednesday of the donations as they were trying to shut down his internet presence to avoid concerns about possible impersonators and problems with his twitter and facebook accounts .
" he asked me what to do with his paypal accounts and i asked him what he was talking about , " o'mara told anderson cooper .
and there was about 200 , $ 204,000 that had come in to date . "
" i think he 's indigent for costs , " he said , adding that zimmerman 's relatives had few assets .
zimmerman , 28 , was released monday on $ 150,000 bail , 10 % of which his family put up to secure his release .
he is accused of second-degree murder in the february 26 death of martin , who was african-american .
he has said he shot in self-defense .
asked whether knowledge of the money might have made a difference to judge kenneth lester jr. , who presided at zimmerman 's bond hearing , o'mara said , " it might have . "
o'mara continued , " i 'm certainly going to disclose it to the court tomorrow -- coincidentally , we have a hearing . "
he said he was prepared to " deal with any fallout , " but predicted lester would not feel misled .
" i told him what i knew at the time , which was exactly what i was aware of . "
she was 76 .
sunny von bulow is pictured during her 1957 wedding to prince alfred von auersperg .
von bulow was subject of one of the nation 's most sensational criminal cases during the 1980s .
her husband , claus , was accused of trying to kill her with an overdose of insulin , which prosecutors alleged sent her into the coma .
he was convicted of making two attempts on her life , but the conviction was overturned on appeal .
he was acquitted in a second trial .
his retrial in 1985 received national attention .
" we were blessed to have an extraordinarily loving and caring mother , " said the statement from von bulow 's three children -- annie laurie " ala " isham , alexander von auersperg and cosima pavoncelli -- released by a spokeswoman .
" she was especially devoted to her many friends and family members . "
she inherited a fortune conservatively estimated at $ 75 million , according to an article on the von bulow case posted on trutv.com 's crime library web site .
in her early years , she drew comparisons to actress grace kelly .
she became known as princess von auersperg with her first marriage , to prince alfred von auersperg of austria .
that marriage produced two children : alexander and annie laurie .
the von bulows married in 1966 and had a daughter , cosima .
" mohawk guy , " a mars rover flight director , is n't just a social media sensation -- he made an impression on president barack obama , too .
" i , in the past , thought about getting a mohawk myself , but my team keeps on discouraging me , " obama told scientists at nasa 's jet propulsion laboratory in a phone call monday broadcast on nasa tv .
" and now that he 's received marriage proposals and thousands of new twitter followers , i think that i 'm going to go back to my team and see if it makes sense , " he said to the sound of laughter from dozens of nasa employees .
obama called nasa mission specialists to congratulate them on the successful landing of the rover curiosity , which reached mars one week ago .
" mohawk guy , " whose real name is bobak ferdowsi , has become famous for his look during the rover landing last week .
as the world waited for curiosity to touch down , ferdowsi sported a red-and-black mohawk ; the sides of his head featured yellow dyed stars .
decoding the workplace dress code " it does sound like nasa has come a long way from the white-shirt , black dark-rimmed glasses and the pocket protectors , " obama told jet propulsion laboratory director charles elachi and colleagues .
more seriously , obama thanked the scientists for devoting their lives to the cause of exploration outside our planet .
" what you 've accomplished embodies the american spirit , " he said .
" our expectation is that curiosity is going to be telling us things that we did not know before , " he said , and that the rover will lay the groundwork for an even more " audacious undertaking , " which would be " a human mission to the red planet . "
washington ( cnn ) -- the pentagon general counsel threatened legal action thursday against a former navy seal who wrote a revealing book about last year 's osama bin laden raid , warning him he has violated secrecy agreements and broken federal law .
" in the judgment of the department of defense , you are in material breach and violation of the nondisclosure agreements you signed .
the book is called " no easy day " and is a gripping account of the navy seal raid on bin laden 's compound in pakistan last year that ended in the death of the world 's most notorious terrorist leader .
the story sheds more light on the now famous skill and daring of the seals .
but the book 's very existence stoked controversy because members of the elite unit do n't usually divulge details of their operations .
the book is one of several accounts about the operation to have surfaced after last year 's raid .
buzz ramps up over seal 's bin laden book government officials only recently became aware the former seal was writing a book , but they were told it encompassed more than just the raid and included vignettes from training and other missions .
and i 'm not talking about people who live this way out of personal preference , or those who dress up for theater and entertainment .
cross-dressing to join the army until recently , women have rarely been allowed to serve as soldiers .
naturally , disguise herself as a man and join the troops .
at least 400 civil war soldiers were women in drag .
she was n't the first woman to don a male disguise and join the army , though .
once her true sex was discovered ( thanks to a pesky groin injury ) , she became a national celebrity in britain , and made a post-war career of performing in bars as the " female warrior . "
mental floss : the confederacy 's plan to conquer latin america 2 .
cross-dressing to keep a royal family together with all the power play that went on in the court , the french royal family would go to great lengths to avoid sibling rivalry .
pretoria , south africa ( cnn ) -- a defense attorney tuesday tried to poke holes in the highly emotional testimony of the first witness in the murder trial of olympian double-amputee oscar pistorius , as another witness said she also heard screams the night model reeva steenkamp was killed .
on the second day of the trial , testimony continued with the questioning of pistorius ' neighbor , michelle burger , who said monday she was awakened by screams , followed by gunshots , when pistorius shot and killed his girlfriend on valentine 's day last year .
defense attorney barry roux attacked burger 's credibility , accusing her of using her husband 's statement to craft her own .
paragraph by paragraph , roux pointed out similarities between their two statements .
burger repeatedly explained that the statements were similar because they both heard the same thing .
" i 'm as honest as i can be to the court , " she said .
pistorius has admitted he killed steenkamp but pleaded not guilty , saying that he mistakenly believed he was shooting a burglar .
burger cried when she described the gunfire .
" it was awful to hear the shots , " she said through tears .
on monday , burger testified that , " something terrible was happening at that house . "
she called the shouts and screams " petrifying . "
roux questioned how burger had heard the screams from far away : " you heard that out of a closed toilet in a house 177 meters away ? "
bacliff , texas ( cnn ) -- sitting on their front porch in this houston suburb , edmond demiraj and his family seem the picture of a contented family .
but the department of justice now wants to upend the family : threatening to deport his wife and 19-year-old son back to their native albania , even though he says federal prosecutors a decade ago promised him help and a green card in exchange for edmond 's promised testimony in a human smuggling case against a fellow albanian immigrant .
for the demiraj family , they believe it will mean great harm , even death , for those deported .
a decade ago , edmond demiraj ( pronounced : dem-ear-eye ) was himself an illegal immigrant .
he told cnn he had walked across the u.s. border from mexico to brownsville , texas without any paperwork .
he found work as a painter , he says , with a fellow albanian named bill bedini .
not long afterwards , the justice department indicted bedini , accusing him and others of running a human smuggling ring , bringing illegal aliens from mexico into the united states .
attorneys for the justice department based in houston wanted demiraj to testify against bedini .
the offer , he says , was verbal and not on paper .
" i 'm ready to work for the u.s. government , whatever they need from me , " demiraj told cnn .
but bedini entered a plea of not guilty , was granted bail and soon fled to albania , according to the u.s. marshal 's office in houston .
federal prosecutors did n't need demiraj 's testimony and handed him over to immigration officials , who quickly deported him as well .
washakie county , wyoming ( cnn ) -- in the predawn darkness the agents switch the federal plates on their vehicles to local wyoming tags and check they have no other signs showing they are from the federal bureau of investigation .
edward eugene harper is believed to have lived a nomadic lifestyle since fleeing mississippi .
for the past few years edward eugene harper has been tending a flock of sheep in the semi-wilderness of the region .
but 15 years ago he failed to turn up for a court appearance in mississippi on charges he had molested two girls , aged 3 and 8 .
he 'd been on the lam ever since .
recently the fbi had received a tip on his whereabouts .
watch how fbi planned hunt for fugitive » snipers spent the night watching the truck with a camper top where harper , 63 , has been sleeping for the past few weeks .
michael rankin , assistant special agent in charge at the fbi 's denver , colorado , field office and leader of the operation to capture harper , said he wanted to use a ruse to get close to harper .
" we do n't want to alert him or anybody who might be a supporter of his , and we want to get as close to him without somehow raising his antenna that we may be law enforcement and we may be wanting to take him into custody , " rankin said .
( cnn ) -- the ouster of tunisia 's longtime ruler has cast a shadow over the surrounding region , but few analysts were willing to predict tuesday that the revolt would spread to other countries .
tunisians complained that the president 's family and supporters had grown rich while their living conditions stagnated and their voices were stifled .
but while the governments of nearby nations like algeria , libya and egypt face similar criticism , the level of repression and the concentration of power and corruption were far more extreme in tunisia , said nathan brown , a professor of middle eastern politics at george washington university in washington .
" i think most regimes in the region are viewed with a mix of disdain and resignation by their population , " brown said .
few may support their government , but " it 's not as if there 's much that can be done about it , " he said .
neighboring algeria was also wracked by rioting last week , triggered by the spiraling costs of basic food items after its government slashed price supports for staples like milk , oil and sugar .
state-run media reported at least three people had died in the clashes .
libya 's longtime strongman , moammar gadhafi , mourned ben ali 's ouster and warned in a nationally televised speech that tunisia was facing " unjustified chaos . "
and in egypt , at least two people have set themselves afire in public this week -- the same type of protest that triggered tunisia 's demonstrations in december .
now , kurilla is being held at the wayne county correctional facility and charged as an adult with criminal homicide , the wayne county district attorney 's office said .
the boy admitted to grabbing a wooden cane , holding it against 90-year-old helen novak 's throat for several seconds and punching her in the throat and stomach , according to the police affidavit .
kurilla told police he was angry at novak because she had yelled at him when he entered her room .
he said he wanted to ask her a question .
were you trying to kill her ?
" no , i was only trying to hurt her , " kurilla replied , according to the affidavit .
the boy was ordered to be held without bail after his arraignment and is set to appear in court october 22 .
" tristen really kind of does n't have an idea of what is going on , " brown told the station .
brown added , " jail is still jail , no matter what part of the facility you are in . "
( cnn ) -- portuguese football coach jose mourinho , ever the headline creator , has caused further outcry this week after he substituted ghanaian midfielder sulley muntari from his inter milan side during their italian serie a clash with bari .
inter midfielder sulley muntari was substitued jose mourinho for his low-energy levels as a result of fasting .
taking a tired player from the field of play was hardly breaking news , at least it was n't until mourinho revealed the move had been prompted because the player 's perceived " low-energy levels " were as a result of fasting .
muntari is a practicing muslim who , like many of the same faith around the world , is currently not eating during the hours of daylight to mark the ramadan holy period .
should fasting footballers be dropped by their managers ?
sound off below .
a discipline that clearly irked mourinho who said in a post-match press conference : " muntari had some problems related to ramadan , perhaps with this heat it 's not good for him to be doing this ( fasting ) .
ramadan has not arrived at the ideal moment for a player to play a football match . "
( cnn ) -- the goals just keep flowing for lionel messi , who on sunday surpassed soccer legend pele 's mark of 75 in a calendar year to help barcelona bounce back from a rare defeat .
the argentina star netted twice in the 4-2 win at mallorca that kept the catalans three points clear in spain 's la liga , leaving him just nine short of gerd muller 's all-time record .
the 25-year-old , who became a first-time father earlier this month , was able to put a bit more enthusiasm into his new thumb-sucking celebration than when he scored late in the shock midweek champions league loss to scottish side celtic .
" leo continually breaks records .
his goal tally is spectacular , " said barca manager tito vilanova , who has yet to experience a domestic league defeat after his first 11 matches in charge , equaling the best start to a season set by real madrid .
" it takes other great players seven or eight seasons to score the amount of goals he scores in one season .
read blog : is loyalty barca 's biggest strength ?
messi has now scored 64 goals for his club and 12 for his country this year , from just 59 matches overall .
pele managed 75 from 53 as a 17-year-old in 1958 , helping brazil to win the world cup for the first of a record five times .
washington ( cnn ) -- the moderator 's chair on nbc 's " meet the press " stood empty on sunday in remembrance of tim russert , the man who had occupied it for 17 years .
as the show 's host , russert became a mainstay of television journalism 's political talk .
he died friday of apparent heart attack , according to the network .
he was 58 .
the network said russert collapsed while at work .
colleague and former nbc anchor tom brokaw , who broke the news about the anchor 's death , spoke on sunday the familiar first four words of the news program , " our issues this sunday . "
he noted that those were the same words russert had been recording for the show when he collapsed and died .
" he said he was only the temporary custodian , " of this program , which he called a national treasure , brokaw said .
" of course , he was so much more than all that . "
brokaw sat among some of russert 's other colleagues in the front of the show 's set , including pulitzer prize-winning author doris kearns goodwin and political analysts mary matalin and james carville , who is also a cnn contributor .
" this is where you separated the men from the boys , " said matalin , who is married to carville .
a montage of clips from past years showed various politicians -- former president bill clinton , president bush , former presidential candidate ross perot , homeland security secretary michael chertoff -- sitting across the table from russert .
watch politicians , journalists pay homage to russert »
( cnn ) -- reactions to miley cyrus at the vmas : people are still having them !
earlier this week , we heard what both britney spears and paula patton had to say about the performance .
( spoiler alert : they think she 's just being miley . )
but while both those stars were shrugging their shoulders , another music legend was sharpening her claws .
" i 'm not old-fashioned , " cher told usa today in an interview published tuesday .
" she could have come out naked , and if she 'd just rocked the house , i would have said , ' you go , girl . '
it just was n't done well .
she ca n't dance , her body looked like hell , the song was n't great , one cheek was hanging out .
and , chick , do n't stick out your tongue if it 's coated . "
ew : paula patton reacts to miley cyrus ' vmas performance ouch !
it 's one thing to slam miley 's choice of outfit or sexually-charged behavior ; it 's quite another to question the girl 's talent itself .
and coming from someone who knows a thing or two about rockin ' it while wearing revealing outfits  not to mention clearly visible buttocks  that comment is harsher still .
ew : britney spears defends miley cyrus on ' gma ' , plus 4 other things we learned evidently , cyrus is taking cher 's burn in stride .
she has n't responded to cher 's words on social media , choosing instead to keep touting the phenomenal success of " wrecking ball , " her latest single .
# 1 on digital songs .
# 1 most added to pop radio .
# 1 on vevo , " according to miley . )
( cnn ) i was a copygirl in my fourth month at the chicago daily news , my second assigned to the city desk .
it had become my custom at 4 o'clock , when the city desk secretary left for the day , to move over to her spot to help answer the phones as the beat reporters called in to check out for the day .
it was so quiet that afternoon -- 70 years ago , on thursday , april 12 , 1945 -- the city editor and assistant city editor had felt comfortable leaving their desks .
the second city editor , guy housley , was to my left .
to my right , perhaps 6 feet away , the telegraph editor , george dodge .
he answered , replaced the bell-like receiver on its hook and said to everyone in general and no one in particular , " roosevelt is dead . "
the silence of shock .
until dodge jumped up so quickly , his swivel chair crashed into the glass-fronted bookcase behind him -- a symphonic orchestra cymbals sound -- and ran to what was called the tube room , with its row of associated press teletype machines .
the words had barely cleared his lips when city editor clem lane half-ran back into the city room .
the door of the managing editor 's office that opened into the city room flew open , and managing editor everett norlander joined them around the copy desk , where dodge was editing the bulletin .
seoul , south korea ( cnn ) -- north korea says it plans to prosecute two american tourists that it detained earlier this year , accusing them of " perpetrating hostile acts . "
the north korean government had previously said it was holding the two u.s. citizens , jeffrey fowle and matthew miller , but had n't said what it planned to do with them .
" according to the results of the investigation , suspicions about their hostile acts have been confirmed by evidence and their testimonies , " the north 's korean central news agency ( kcna ) reported monday .
" the relevant organ of the dprk is carrying on the investigation into them and making preparations for bringing them before court on the basis of the already confirmed charges , " the report said , using using an abbreviation of the country 's official name , the democratic people 's republic of korea .
asylum bid ?
it announced the detention of fowle in early june , saying he had violated the law by acting " contrary to the purpose of tourism . "
it did n't provide details at the time on what exactly he was accused of doing .
( cnn ) " in order to attain the impossible , one must attempt the absurd , " wrote miguel de cervantes , the shakespeare of spain .
and the quest to find his remains has sometimes seemed both , even ( dare one say it ) quixotic in a time of recession .
almost 400 years after cervantes ' death , a team led by francisco etxeberria announced tuesday that they were confident they had found cervantes ' coffin in the crypt of the convent of the barefoot trinitarians in the barrio de las letras ( literary quarter ) in madrid .
( etxeberria , incidentally , performed the autopsy on former chilean president gen. salvador allende , confirming he had committed suicide . )
at a news conference in madrid on tuesday , etxeberria said that while there was no mathematical proof or dna test available to completely verify the findings , there were " many coincidences and no discrepancies " in the examination of " osario 32 , " a common grave in the crypt that contained the remains of 16 people .
" we have cervantes , represented in some form in this group of bones that are unfortunately very degraded and very fragmented , " etxeberria told national television .
it first mapped more than 30 burial cavities in the walls and nearly 5 meters beneath the floor of the church .
mass spectrometry dated fragments of wood and cloth found in these cavities to the 17th century , an encouraging but far from conclusive development .
tripoli , libya ( cnn ) -- four italian journalists kidnapped by unknown assailants in libya have been freed , italy 's foreign ministry spokesman maurizio massari told cnn on thursday .
they were " saved by two libyans , two boys to whom we owe everything , " one of the journalists said thursday .
" i 'm alive , well and free .
until an hour ago , i thought i was dead , " the reporter , sono domenico quirico , said , according to his newspaper la stampa .
earlier reports said they had been abducted 80 kilometers ( about 50 miles ) from tripoli .
claudio monici , a correspondent for the newspaper avvenire , said they were seized by the libyan army and " other people with guns . "
" we understood that they were very angry .
their eyes had blood , " he said , saying some of their captors said : " you are italian .
you are from nato .
you are bombing us . "
monici saw their captors kill their libyan driver , he said .
" he understood that it was his last moment .
we saw them kick him and kill him ... when they shot at him i saw that he was praying ... i saw that his lips were moving , " he told sky news .
massari said while it was unclear who captured the journalists , the ministry assumed it was pro-gadhafi forces .
all of the journalists , from prominent italian daily newspapers , were well , massari said wednesday .
he did not elaborate .
paolo alfieri , foreign editor of the newspaper avvenire , identified the four as rosaspina and giuseppe sarcina from the newspaper corriere della sera , quirico from la stampa , and monici from avvenire .
atlanta , georgia ( cnn ) -- taking risks in life with her career , and less so at the buffet table , have served mireille guiliano and her readers well .
the longtime veuve clicquot champagne house executive has a wisdom about women , french and otherwise , that 's made her one others turn to for advice .
the former ceo and best-selling author of " french women do n't get fat " and " french women for all seasons " is now toasting her latest book , " women , work & the art of savoir faire : business sense & sensibility . "
" we have to help each other and help especially the young generation progress and not make the same mistakes we did , " she said .
cnn sat down recently with guiliano to discuss the word that hurts the careers of women most , the lessons her mother taught her and any last-minute tips she has to prevent holiday-food overindulgence .
here are excerpts from that interview : cnn : what exactly is this art of savoir faire you speak of ?
[ it 's ] creating your own luck and your own opportunities and then making the most of them .
( cnn ) -- all blacks captain richie mccaw is warning his side against complacency as they go into sunday 's rugby world cup final against france as odds-on favorites to lift the william webb ellis trophy .
while hosts new zealand have enjoyed a relatively smooth and unbeaten passage to the finale of the global showpiece at eden park , france have been beaten twice and failed to hit their top form .
" they 've got players who 've been around for a long time and they understand what it takes to win test matches . "
" in a final it 's not about who ' deserves ' what , " said mccaw .
" it 's about who goes and plays the best rugby on that stage , in this game , that 's what we 've got to do . "
the all blacks , the traditional powerhouses of international rugby , are searching for only a second world cup triumph , their only title coming in the inaugural tournament in 1987 when they beat france in the final in auckland .
kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) -- an 80-year-old japanese man on thursday became the oldest person to reach the top of mt. everest , officials said .
yuichiro miura reached the top of everest thursday morning with his physician son gota , mountaineering official gyanendra shrestha said from the base of everest .
the oldest woman to climb everest is also a japanese .
" i am still healthy and strong .
i think i have a good chance to reach the summit of everest , " he said via phone earlier this month .
to prepare , miura walked three times a week with loads of 25 to 30 kilograms ( 55 to 66 lbs ) on his back .
he reached the top of the 8,848-meter ( 29,035-foot ) peak twice before : in 2003 at age 70 , and in 2008 at age 75 .
" i have a dream to climb everest at this age , " he said .
" if you have a dream , never give up .
dreams come true . "
this year marks the 60th anniversary of the first expedition to reach the summit of everest : sir edmund hilary and tenzing norgay made it to the top of the mountain on may 29 , 1953 .
earlier this month , a 27-year-old graphic designer has made history by becoming the first saudi woman to conquer the mount .
( cnn ) -- veteran american paul goydos has become just the fourth player in pga tour history to break the 60-shot barrier after carding a remarkable 12-under-par 59 in the opening round of the john deere classic on thursday .
goydos follows in the footsteps of al geiberger ( 1977 ) , chip beck ( 1991 ) and david duval ( 1999 ) after his 12-birdie blitz at the tpc deer run , silvis , illinois .
however , goydos , who at 46 is the oldest player to achieve the feat , is the only one of the quartet to break the barrier on a par-71 .
the californian closed out the back nine in just 28 shots , with eight birdies in nine holes , while he took just 22 putts all day .
michael letzig and australian matt jones head the chasing pack after carding seven-under-par 64s , with letzig also keeping a bogey off his card .
japan 's ryo ishikawa is the only player to shoot a round of 68 , which he achieved in the final round of the crowns on his home tour on may 2 .
meanwhile , irishman darren clarke leads the field after the opening round of the scottish open at loch lomond .
the former ryder cup player carded a six-under-par 65 to hold a narrow advantage over graeme storm , damien mcgrane and edoardo molinari in the traditional british open warm-up .
the 40-year-old clarke has still not secured a place in the st andrews field next week and he told reporters : " this is the first round and there 's an awful long way to go , but of course i would love to qualify . "
london ( cnn ) -- when andy murray won the brisbane international , a warmup event for january 's australian open , few were surprised .
but what followed was largely out of character for a man who is perceived as one of the more dour characters in the world of sport .
after winning the final , murray turned towards the television cameras and showed a side of himself that had so rarely been seen .
" he 's back home watching and you 're going to get through . "
thousands of miles away in london , murray 's former roommate ross hutchins sat facing the prospect of six months of grueling chemotherapy after being diagnosed with hodgkin 's lymphoma -- a cancer of the lymph node immune system .
" i just expected him to , well i was hoping he would win the title ... we had been very close that week as we always are .
" so i was watching the speech and was thinking how pleased i was he had won , and then he came and dedicated his trophy , which meant the world to me .
boston ( cnn ) -- to see mery daniel today is to see how far she has come .
walking on her new prosthetic leg without crutches is a huge accomplishment , but to see daniel ride 26 miles on a hand cycle underscores the tremendous progress she 's made in the five months since the boston marathon bombings .
" this is the biggest challenge i 've faced since the bombing , " the 31-year-old haitian immigrant said , referring to her participation in a recent ride from waltham , massachusetts , to gillette stadium in foxboro .
" it 's great , " richardson says proudly .
" it 's very encouraging to see -- despite what she 's been through . "
april 15 was the day that profoundly changed mery 's life and that of so many others .
three people were killed and more than 250 were injured when a pair of bombs exploded just seconds apart near the finish line of the boston marathon .
suspect tamerlan tsarnaev was killed four days later in a standoff with police .
his younger brother , dzhokhar , faces charges that could bring a life sentence or the death penalty if he is convicted .
he has pleaded not guilty .
mery lost her left leg ; amputated above the knee .
her right leg was spared , but it was severely mangled and she lost a significant portion of her calf .
the team at boston 's spaulding rehabilitation hospital oversees the therapy for many of the new amputees .
( cnn ) -- looks like dave chappelle is making up for lost time .
he recently appeared on the " late show with david letterman , " telling the host he never actually quit but was instead " seven years late for work . "
on wednesday night , chappelle played radio city for a two-hour concert that the new york daily news said showed he had " returned with his irreverent and often raunchy sense of humor fully intact . "
" i 'm just here to make enlightened money so i can disappear again , " the paper quoted chappelle as saying during his stand-up .
sporting a more buff look but still chain-smoking cigarettes , chappelle reportedly joked at radio city about everything from the donald sterling controversy to life as a married father .
( cnn ) -- as prodigal golfer tiger woods resumes the world 's no. 1 ranking , his chief sponsor , nike , unveiled a slogan tuesday that provokes robust debate on what is redemption and has woods attained it .
woods and ex-wife , elin nordegren , have two children .
many fans and consumers are now raging against the new campaign by nike , which stood by woods in his fall from grace as most other sponsors dumped him .
" will not buy anything nike again , " wrote melissa santa-cruz of wisconsin on nike 's facebook page .
" this ad makes me sick ! "
wrote julie drake , a high school teacher who said she will use the ad for a classroom discussion .
" shame on you ! "
others , however , endorsed the slogan .
" love your ad nike , " wrote brian edwards .
" keep up the good work . "
opinion : for tiger , winning does take care of everything the passionate opinions roil during a week when redemption is on the minds of jews celebrating passover and christians preparing for easter .
the controversy grows from whether winning indeed absolves transgressions -- and even prompts a return to grace .
the narrative plays out in different ways for different public figures .
" i think that winning , especially in tiger woods ' case , really does change things because it reminds people why they fell in love with him years ago .
it was for his game and his ability to consistently make those tough shots over and over again .
that 's why we 're in awe of tiger , " said ceo melinda travis of pro sports communications , a strategic communications and crisis management firm in los angeles .
( cnn ) -- in most of the country , employers can force pregnant workers out of the workplace when their pregnancy interferes with their normal job duties .
heather wiseman , a retail sales associate , lost her job because consuming water while working , an activity necessary to maintain a healthy pregnancy , violated store policy .
victoria serednyj , a nursing home activity director , lost her job because her pregnancy interfered with her ability to lift heavy tables .
her employer terminated her employment even though lifting tables " took up a small part , roughly five to 10 minutes " of her day and her co-workers volunteered to perform this task .
workers covered by the americans with disabilities act , by contrast , can continue working despite their physical limitations .
the americans with disabilities amendments act of 2008 broadened the ada to include many short-term and relatively minor physical conditions .
pregnant women who experience comparable physical limitations should also have the opportunity to receive accommodations that will enable them to continue working .
it also requires employers to accommodate persons with back injuries resulting in a " 20-pound lifting restriction that lasts or is expected to last for several months . "
in some circumstances , even a far more common 50-pound lifting restriction may qualify an individual for ada coverage .
to date , courts have balked at including pregnancy within the americans with disabilities act .
former presidents and political rivals bill clinton and george h.w. bush now share philanthropic efforts .
former presidents george h.w. bush and bill clinton appeared together at a question-and-answer forum before the national automobile dealers association in new orleans , louisiana .
asked his biggest regret after leaving office , bush said he now wonders whether he should have tried to get saddam hussein to leave office at the end of the first gulf war in 1991 .
he told the gathering , " i 've thought a lot about it , but at the end of desert storm , the question was should we have kind of kept going on that road to death and all this slaughter until saddam hussein showed up and laid his sword on the table , surrendered .
and the common wisdom was he would n't do that . "
but he said a conversation with an fbi agent who interrogated saddam after he was captured has made him reconsider .
bush recalled their talk , " i said , ' what if we just say he has to come to surrender , would he have done it ? '
and this guy said , ' i 'm absolutely convinced he would have . '
my experts tell me he would n't have . "
bush said , " we ended it the way we said we would " as a military success , but noted a cleaner ending " would have been perfect . "
he added , " if we had tried to get saddam hussein to come and literally surrender and put his sword on the table , i think it might have been avoided some of the problems that we did have in the future from him . "
yelton is one of just 13 golfers who have played in all 28 previous editions of the biggest tournament of its type in the world , which brings nearly 3,100 players from 25 countries and 49 states of the u.s. to the myrtle beach area of south carolina .
his streak was nearly broken last year , and in the circumstances nobody would have held it against him if he had taken time out .
just before the tournament , martha , his wife of 22 years , was taken ill and passed away just a week later .
there had been no hint of a problem -- martha taught at a community school in shelby in north carolina and played a bit of golf herself .
" she mostly just walked the course with me , " recalled bob .
in the circumstances , his annual pilgrimage to myrtle was low priority .
" i had no interest in playing golf . "
but with encouragement from his brother don , who has also played in every world am , and crucially an intervention from his son , bob did indeed pitch up .
" dad , mum would have wanted you to play , " said porter and he did , thinking about martha just about every step of the way .
in retrospect , the stress of dealing with his wife 's premature death and continuing to practice as a business lawyer may well have taken a bigger toll on bob than he was to realize .
( cnn ) -- the atlanta hawks organization 's issues with race go beyond one inflammatory email or offensive comments on one conference call , the team 's ceo said , before promising fans that those systemic problems will be corrected .
" as an organization , we must own these shortcomings and failures , " steve koonin wrote in an open letter saturday to his team , fans and the city of atlanta . "
... we should build bridges through basketball , not divide our community or serve as a source of pain . "
koonin 's comments come a day after general manager danny ferry began an indefinite leave of absence tied to controversial comments he made in june about luol deng , then a prospective free agent player .
and they occurred six days after the franchise 's owner , bruce levenson , announced he would sell his controlling interest team in light of a 2012 email that many derided as racist .
in the same announcement last sunday setting the stage for levenson 's exit , the nba said that koonin will oversee team operations during the ownership transition .
the hawks ceo did not mention levenson or ferry specifically in his letter saturday , nor did he delve into detail into their or possible other cases .
" to the contrary , over a period of years , we have found that there have been inflammatory words , phrases , inferences and innuendos about race , " koonin said .
the rare moments christos sourovelis can take a break from running his own painting business , he can be found toiling away on his family 's dream house in the suburbs of philadelphia .
" i 'm a working guy .
i work every day , six days a week , even seven if i have to , " sourovelis says .
one day this past march , without warning , the government took his house away , even though he and his wife , markella , have never been charged with a crime or accused of any wrongdoing .
that makes me crazy , " sourovelis says , shaking his head .
the nightmare began when police showed up at the house and arrested their 22-year-old son , yianni , on drug charges -- $ 40 worth of heroin .
authorities say he was selling drugs out of the home .
the sourvelises say they had no knowledge of any involvement their son might have had with drugs .
a month-and-a-half later police came back -- this time to seize their house , forcing the sourvelises and their children out on the street that day .
it was being forfeited and transferred to the custody of the philadelphia district attorney .
authorities said the house was tied to illegal drugs and therefore subject to civil forfeiture .
arcade fire , " we used to wait " " now our lives are changing fast , " sings win butler , spooked and sleepless .
but his empathetic croon -- and his band 's orchestral - rock wallop -- make high anxiety sound almost sublime .
katy perry , " teenage dream " co-written by max martin and dr. luke , this buoyant electro-pop singalong is 2010 's catchiest tune .
as for that " teenage dream , " perry does n't mince words : " let 's go all the way tonight . "
sade , " soldier of love " nobody knows where sade disappears to for years at a time between hits , but " soldier of love " proves she knows how to make a hell of a re-entrance .
she sings about emotional devastation over a beat that mixes quiet-storm synths with acid-damaged riffs straight out of tv on the radio 's playbook .
cee lo green , " f *** you " the title alone would have guaranteed hundreds of thousands of web clicks .
but cee lo did n't just say " f *** you " -- he said it with humor and serious panache .
kanye west feat .
pusha t , " runaway " it takes a special kind of dark , twisted genius to raise the white flag of surrender while raising a middle finger .
kanye west is that genius .
" runaway " is kanye 's musical response to the taylor swift affair , but it 's much more than that : a nine-minute meditation on romantic failure and public infamy .
kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) -- nepal 's parliament on sunday elected a leader of the former maoist rebels as the new prime minister with a simple majority .
after his election bhattarai said he would attempt to complete the peace process and the long-delayed new constitution .
bhattarai received 340 votes in parliament , beating his rival ram chandra poudel , 66 , of the nepali congress , who received 235 votes .
bhattarai , who has a degree in architecture and a doctorate in regional planning , was able to get the crucial support of the regional madhesi parties from southern nepal .
the 65 votes of the five parties of the madhesi front were crucial for bhattrai , whose party is the biggest in the 601-member parliament but lacks a majority .
media reports say the madhesi parties have been promised 12 ministerial posts in exchange for their support .
bhattari is the second leader of the former rebels to become prime minister .
the maoists became the biggest party in the 2008 elections and their chairman pushpa kamal dahal was prime minister for nine months .
he resigned in a dispute with the president , who reinstated an army chief dahal had fired .
felipe massa is still showing the scars of his horror crash at the hungarian gp in july .
alonso won that race after the safety car was brought out when renault 's no. 2 driver nelson piquet jr spun out on lap 14 , and massa subsequently claimed it cost him that year 's world title as he finished one point behind champion lewis hamilton .
massa told reporters in his native brazil on wednesday that he believed two-time world champion alonso -- who is replacing kimi raikkonen at ferrari next year -- must have known about renault 's race plan .
" it was the team and nelson -- but alonso was part of the problem .
he knew .
it 's an absolute certainty , " he said ahead of this weekend 's brazilian grand prix .
however , the 28-year-old later released a statement on the official ferrari web site in a bid to avoid conflict with his future teammate .
" the fia world council announced that there was no indication that fernando may have been informed of what had happened and i respect this outcome .
hong kong ( cnn ) -- tired of the same old engagement and wedding photos ?
then take some inspiration from the creative couples in hong kong , who are memorializing their love with unconventional photo shoots featuring such surreal backdrops as giant cats or pastries .
many couples in the city opt to take engagement photos months before the big day , a tradition that started in taiwan and has now spread to china and south korea .
the more adventurous are opting for photo shoots that diverge from the standard scenes , and instead reflect something about their personalities , passions or the story of their love .
read more : shanghai 's bikini brides and speedo grooms kim lee wanted a theme that reflected her love of food , so her photos with her fiancã © daniel chan feature the couple sitting on giant egg tarts and macaroons .
yvonne ho , the wedding planner behind lee and chan 's shoot , said planning this sort of photography is closer to an advertising or fashion shoot .
" i want to share their love , " she said , adding that her responsibility is to " tell the story by the photos . "
in the case of sporting enthusiasts kenny tang and olivia kok , ho enlisted a professional underwater photographer to capture the couple 's active lifestyle .
tang and kok jumped into a swimming pool fully clothed and relied on scuba tanks to breathe underwater .
tehran , iran ( cnn ) -- he 's been labeled by many as the " reformist , " a man who can take iran beyond the truculent anti-western rhetoric of president mahmoud ahmadinejad .
moussavi was not seen as a reformer during his stint as prime minister during the 1980s .
so , when iran 's government announced over the weekend that mir hossein moussavi had lost in his bid to become the country 's next president , young iranians took to the streets by the thousands alleging ballot fraud .
thousands of others around the globe championed the cause on social-networking web sites and agreed to wear green on monday in solidarity with moussavi 's supporters .
but what is often lost in the outrage is whether iran would look different under a moussavi presidency .
watch more about the vote » though the 67-year old is credited for successfully navigating the iranian economy as prime minister during a bloody eight-year war with iraq in the 1980s , he also was a hard-liner whom the economist described as a " firm radical . "
he , like most iranians in power , does not believe in the existence of israel .
he was part of a regime that regularly executed dissidents and backed the fatwa against british author salman rushdie .
and as late as april , he opposed suspending the country 's nuclear-enrichment program but said it would not be diverted to weapons use .
" i would n't go as far as ( call it ) a ' velvet revolution , ' " trita parsi , president of the national iranian american council , said of the phrase many are using to describe the rallies in iran .
( cnn ) -- a north carolina resident was found guilty thursday on terrorism charges including conspiracy to murder , kidnap , maim and injure people overseas .
anes subasic , a 35-year old naturalized u.s. citizen who was born in bosnia , also was convicted of conspiring to provide material support to terrorists .
he will face up to life in prison at sentencing in august .
subasic is the seventh member of a north carolina group of men convicted of terror activities .
they were led by daniel boyd , who pleaded guilty in february 2011 to conspiring to kill people abroad and to provide material support to terrorists .
two of boyd 's sons also pleaded guilty and are in prison .
according to the government , from november 2006 until at least july 2009 , subasic and the others worked to provide money , weapons training , transportation and personnel to " advance violent jihad . "
" subasic was part of a group of terrorists ; some viewed their own country as the enemy , " said m. chris briese , who heads the fbi 's charlotte field office .
" subasic was part of a conspiracy to commit violent acts against u.s. service members and others abroad , " said john khin , an official with the defense criminal investigative service .
in a separate trial last fall , subasic was convicted on two counts of illegally obtaining citizenship .
he has never been arrested and officials believe he is in pakistan or may have died .
( cnn ) -- hilary duff says her new album is " very positive " but admits that it started out " a lot heavier and a lot darker " because of the separation from her husband , mike comrie .
" i 'm separated from my husband right now , which has been a very difficult thing to go through , " she told billboard 's " pop shop " podcast .
" in the beginning , the album was a lot heavier and a lot darker , because i had to get that out .
once i did get that out , a lot of fun came . "
duff married comrie , a former pro hockey player , in 2010 after dating for three years .
their son , luca , was born in 2012 .
duff and comrie announced their separation in january .
duff , 26 , admits that she 's " nervous " after being away from music for seven years .
she says she first started thinking of new material when she was pregnant with her son .
after having the child and taking another year , she was even more anxious .
" i felt like i was missing a big part of myself , " she said .
duff established a successful singing career on the heels of her popular disney show , " lizzie mcguire , " which aired from 2001 to 2004 .
" it was time for me to be a person , and the break just ended up being a long time , " she said .
robert seldon lady , who had been convicted by an italian court for his role in a 2003 rendition case , was flying back to the united states .
" it 's my understanding that he is in fact either en route or back in the united states .
beyond that i have no further details , " state department deputy spokeswoman marie harf told reporters .
in a 2009 trial , an italian court convicted lady and 22 others of abducting osama mustafa hassan nasr , or abu omar , from the streets of milan in 2003 .
italian prosecutors said abu omar was nabbed by a cia team working with italian officials .
the trial was the first to deal with a practice that human rights groups call " extraordinary rendition . "
they say the united states has often transferred terrorism suspects to countries that practice torture .
abu omar , who was suspected of recruiting men to fight in iraq and afghanistan and was under heavy surveillance by italy 's intelligence agency , was transferred to egypt and tortured , italian prosecutors said .
a former senior cia official said lady is no longer with the cia .
in the 2009 trial , the italian court sentenced lady to eight years in prison , prosecutor armando spataro said .
the other americans were sentenced to five years .
each of the 23 americans was ordered to pay 1 million euros ( about $ 1.3 million ) to abu omar , plus 500,000 euros to his wife .
( cnn ) -- before he was pope benedict xvi , before he earned the nickname " cardinal no " as the enforcer of church doctrine , he was joseph ratzinger -- the son of maria and police officer joseph ratzinger , learning about life and god in germany between two world wars .
according to roman catholic doctrine , benedict is not only the church 's leader but god 's representative on earth and infallible .
after his birth on april 16 , 1927 , in marktl am inn , in southeastern germany near the austrian border , ratzinger 's early years were defined by his country and the turbulent times , as well as his faith .
adolf hitler rose to power during ratzinger 's adolescent years in traunstein , in the heavily catholic region of bavaria .
when he was 14 , school officials followed nazi officials ' orders and enrolled him and the rest of his class in the hitler youth movement -- against his will , ratzinger wrote in his memoir .
he left the organization shortly thereafter , because he was studying for the priesthood .
but in 1943 , ratzinger was brought back into the nazi fold upon being drafted into the german army .
for the next two years , ratzinger served his country as part of an anti-aircraft unit .
but in the waning days of world war ii , he deserted -- and was taken prisoner by the u.s. army .
( cnn ) -- we first thought about starting this piece with the story of saleha begum , a survivor of bangladesh 's 1971 war in which , some reports say , as many as 400,000 women were raped .
she did n't die , though , and was able to return home , ravaged and five months pregnant .
when she got home she was branded a " slut . "
repeated rape with objects destroyed her insides .
her captors also made her kill her 1-year-old daughter by smashing the baby 's head into a tree .
it is because of this complexity that we must understand how sexualized violence is being used .
we must understand in order to stop it -- just as , when seeking to defuse a bomb , it is crucial to know its components .
both the world health organization and the u.n. security council have recognized that there is a lack of research on the nature and extent of sexualized violence in conflict , even as there is increasing demand from u.n. bodies , donors , and others for better analysis to work toward prevention and healing .
( cnn ) -- if the global economy remains sluggish , a small corner of the british horse racing hub of newmarket is very much bucking the trend .
it is nearly quarter of a millennium since richard tattersall founded his eponymous bloodstock auctioneers and , in 2013 , tattersalls ' business is booming .
back in october behind the gates of tattersalls park paddocks , a record was set for the most ever spent on a horse in europe -- $ 8.4 million ( £ 5.25 million ) -- for the galileo filly by alluring park .
excitement , though , is building at tattersalls once more with the first offering from frankel having retired and gone to stud with the pregnant dancing rain undoubtedly the most mouth-watering prospect going under the hammer at the two-week december sale , which starts on november 25 .
the fact the foal she is carrying is the offspring of frankel , with 14 wins from as many races and undoubtedly the most acclaimed horse of its generation , makes the prospect all the more exciting .
jimmy george , the marketing director at tattersalls , is loathe to say he expects the record to be broken but big money will undoubtedly change hands .
( cnn ) -- camille olivia hanks was studying at the university of maryland when she met bill cosby in the early '60s .
he was doing stand-up comedy in washington when the two were set up on a blind date .
they fell in love and she left school to support his burgeoning career in entertainment .
by 1964 , the two were married and they would go on to have five children together .
in 1997 , their son ennis ( who inspired the character theo huxtable ) was murdered , and a few years later dr. camille cosby did a one-on-one with oprah explaining how she 'd eventually been able to find joy after mourning the loss of a child .
throughout that interview it was so clear that you were looking at the real-life clair huxtable that even oprah seemed a bit star-struck by her poise and grace .
during her 2000 appearance on oprah , camille revealed : " i became keenly aware of myself in my mid-thirties .
i went through a transition .
i decided to go back to school , because i had dropped out of college to marry bill when i was 19 .
i had five children , and i decided to go back .
i did n't feel fulfilled educationally .
i dropped out of school at the end of my sophomore year .
so i went back , and when i did , my self-esteem grew .
i got my master 's , then decided to get my doctoral degree .
education helped me to come out of myself . "
when asked why she was n't content to just settle for being the wife of a famous entertainer she continued :
( cnn ) -- the driver of a toyota prius says he was taken on a wild ride monday after the car 's accelerator became stuck , reaching speeds in excess of 90 mph on a winding , hilly portion of a southern california interstate .
it took the california highway patrol to bring the car safely to a stop .
the driver , jim sikes , said he was traveling east on interstate 8 outside of the san diego area when he attempted to pass a slower vehicle .
" i pushed the gas pedal to pass a car , and it just did something kind of funny ... and it just stuck there , " he said at a news conference outside a highway patrol office .
" as i was going , i was trying the brakes ... and it just kept speeding up . "
sikes said he called 911 for help , and dispatchers talked him through instructions on how he might be able to stop the car .
but nothing worked .
at one point , sikes said he reached down to try to pull the accelerator up , but it " stayed right where it was . "
alerted by emergency dispatchers , a california highway patrol officer was able to catch up to sikes ' prius and used the patrol car 's public address system to instruct sikes to apply the brakes and the emergency brake at the same time .
the tactic worked , and the car slowed to about 50 mph .
sikes said he was able to shut off the car , and it rolled to a stop .
the responding officer , todd neibert , positioned his patrol car in front of the prius as a precaution to prevent it from moving again .
but data gathered by university law schools indicates it 's more than 2,000 .
fascinating details surrounding some of these exonerations set them apart from the rest .
here are five recent exonerations that made headlines .
but a prosecutor said the evidence suggested otherwise .
the problem was , the jury was prevented from hearing all the evidence in the case .
wrongly convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison , a team of loyal supporters and dna evidence helped morton win his freedom in 2011 .
last month , morton 's former prosecutor pleaded no contest to a court order to show cause regarding evidence that was not used in the trial .
brian banks and the incredible twist at age 17 , fearing a potentially long sentence , college football hopeful brian banks followed the advice of his attorney and pleaded no contest to assaulting a long beach , california , high school classmate in 2002 .
banks maintained his innocence throughout nearly six years of imprisonment , subsequent probation and registration as a sex offender .
but in 2011 , the case took an incredible twist when the alleged victim sent banks a facebook friend request .
according to the california innocence project , the woman later admitted that banks had not kidnapped or raped her during a consensual encounter at long beach polytechnic high school , where banks was a middle linebacker with a scholarship offer from the university of southern california .
( cnn ) -- garrick utley , who worked as a globetrotting foreign correspondent during the flush decades of network news , has died at age 74 of prostate cancer , his wife of 40 years said friday .
" he has been fighting -- as you always call it -- prostate cancer for two years , " gertje utley said .
" he had a very , very rare , very aggressive kind . "
he died thursday night at his home in new york overlooking central park , she said .
" he was really the old kind of journalist , " she said of her husband , who reported from more than 75 countries .
" he was the old kind of trenchcoat-clad journalist who wrote his own copy -- always wrote his own copy . "
" that 's what he always talked about : the early days were the lucky days . "
born in chicago in 1939 to a radio and television news couple , clifton and frayn utley , garrick graduated from carleton college and studied at the army language school in monterey , california , before winning a fulbright scholarship and moving to berlin to study east-west relations , she said .
after nbc news 's " huntley-brinkley report " expanded that year from 15 minutes to half an hour , the network was looking for more material , and utley caught the eye of the brass .
" he covered a couple of stories for the common market , as it was called then , " she said of what is now the european economic community , and did some work in london .
the father , brother and mother of rob knox pose together after the death of the young actor .
karl bishop , 22 , attacked knox and four friends with two kitchen knives outside a bar in sidcup , south east london , last may .
he stabbed them 10 times in less than two minutes , the old bailey court in central london heard .
knox , 18 , had rushed out of the bar after he heard that bishop had threatened his younger brother jamie but he ended up being stabbed five times , once in a main artery .
he died in hospital later that night .
bystanders said bishop 's face was " screwed up in rage " as he lashed out with the two knives , the press association reported .
days before the attack , the actor had finished filming on " harry potter and the half-blood prince , " due for international release in july , in which he played the role of marcus belby .
knox 's father colin told mourners at his funeral , including co-star rupert grint , that his son had been " living the dream , " pa said .
prosecutor brian altman told the court that the young actor 's promising life was ended by a " habitual knife carrier " who believed stabbing people was an " occupational hazard " and had previous convictions for knife crime .
bishop is due to be sentenced on thursday .
( cnn ) -- in the mid-1970s , gloria estefan was studying psychology , international law and french at the university of miami and singing with a local band on the side .
she was planning to head to the sorbonne to further her studies .
but then emilio estefan swept her off her feet , and their band , the miami sound machine , would soon sweep the nation with its conga beat .
estefan never made it to the sorbonne , but she launched an enduring musical career that has made her into a beloved international artist .
it opens with " good morning heartache , " and moves on to songs like " they ca n't take that away from me , " " what a difference a day makes , " " eu sei que vou te amar " and " young at heart . "
the album , she said , brings her career back to some of those first shaky steps onto the national stage .
" it 's such a natural thing for me , something that i wanted to do so long and 25 years ago when i danced the conga on ' the tonight show . '
i sang ' good morning heartache ' with my piano player as a second song and this is like full circle , " estefan said .
" that 's why it starts the record . "
fans know her dance hits like " conga , " " hotel nacional , " " wepa " and " rhythm is gon na get you . "
but there 's something about the ballads -- " coming out of the dark " , " higher " -- that make the heart ache .
san francisco ( cnn ) -- barry bonds ' former trainer was freed friday from the prison where he 's been held since he refused to testify in the baseball legend 's perjury trial two weeks ago .
it was the third time anderson chose jail time over testimony .
he was sent to prison for several weeks twice before when he refused to appear before a federal grand jury investigating bonds .
the absence of the trainer 's testimony hampered the government 's case against bonds , who is charged with lying under oath when he testified about his steroids use in 2003 before the grand jury that was investigating an alleged sports doping scandal involving anderson of the bay area laboratory co-operative .
bonds , 46 , allegedly lied about knowingly taking performance-enhancing drugs and about being injected by anyone but his doctors .
the jury of eight women and four men are deciding bonds ' fate in a san francisco federal courthouse less than two miles from the ballpark where bonds broke hank aaron 's major league home run record in august 2007 .
the three perjury counts and one count of obstruction of justice could each carry a 10-year prison sentence upon conviction .
a fourth perjury charge was dropped by prosecutors wednesday .
( cnn ) -- answers to the quiz are in bold .
boris smetana and karl smith were world-class chess champions .
in one series of matches , each won every game .
they were not playing each other 3 .
nicole was sure she got the right answer when her botany teacher asked her to pick out the plant that was not a tree from the list below .
which one would you choose ?
six bricklayers can lay 24 bricks in half an hour .
how many bricks can 12 bricklayers lay in two hours ?
192 ( each bricklayer lays four bricks in half an hour , or eight bricks in an hour .
that is 16 bricks in two hours times 12 bricklayers who can lay 16 bricks each . )
what is the number that is one more than one-tenth of one-fifth of one-half of 4,000 ?
( 4,000 / 2 = 2,000 , / 5 = 400 , / 10 = 40 , +1 = 41 ) 6 .
in a pie-eating contest , alice was neither first nor last , but she beat evan .
ben beat alice .
carol beat dan who beat ben .
what letter would logically complete the series below ?
a z b y c x d w e ?
v ( there are two series : a to e forward and z , y , x , w backward )
( cnn ) -- when people want to give back to their community , they typically pull out their checkbooks .
jayson black decided to pull out his running shoes .
" las vegas is n't all about the sparkling lights and big hotels and casinos .
black spent thanksgiving day on the street .
he woke up , went to church and ran all day .
after completing his daily marathon , black came home for a thanksgiving meal of salad and protein shakes .
cnn ireport : 26 marathons in 26 days he 's not complaining .
he says he started this challenge to draw attention to impoverished people who go hungry on a daily basis .
" you drive around any city in the united states , and there 's always someone somewhere holding a sign or digging through a garbage can for something to eat , " he says .
" it 's great that everyone donates a turkey at thanksgiving , but this is something bigger than just thanksgiving . "
an estimated 16.2 % of the southern nevada population is considered " food insecure , " meaning people do not know when or from where their next meal will come .
they asked not to be named for safety reasons .
ibrahim was convicted of apostasy , or the renunciation of faith , about two weeks ago while she was eight months pregnant .
a sudanese lawyer filed an appeal last week to reverse the verdict by the lower court .
she is in prison with her 20-month-old son , but sudanese officials have said the toddler is free to leave any time , according to her lawyer , mohamed jar elnabi .
her husband , daniel wani , is a u.s. citizen who uses a wheelchair and " totally depends on her for all details of his life , " her lawyer said .
the appeal the appeals court in khartoum will issue a ruling on the case in the next week , but it will first ask the lower court to submit the documents it used to make the ruling , according to her lawyer .
once that 's done , it will issue a case number , he said .
christian or muslim ?
ibrahim says her father was a sudanese muslim and her mother was ethiopian orthodox .
her father left when she was 6 , and she was raised as a christian .
( cnn ) the bored teenager who gunned down a college baseball player in oklahoma simply because he and his two friends " had nothing to do , " is now a convicted murderer .
chancey allen luna was found guilty of first-degree murder friday for his role in the august 2013 drive-by shooting of christopher lane , a 23-year-old college student in duncan , about 80 miles south of oklahoma city .
luna was 16 at the time of the shooting .
lane , an australian attending east central university , was jogging when he was shot in the back by a gun fired by luna .
a jury recommended friday that luna spend life in prison without the possibility of parole , according to court records .
because he was under 18 when the crime was committed , he is not eligible for the death penalty .
he 'll be formally sentenced in june .
the vehicle 's driver , michael jones , pleaded guilty in march to second-degree murder and was sentenced to life in prison .
jones , who was 17 at the time of the murder , will be eligible for parole starting in 2051 , according to the oklahoma department of corrections .
prosecutors dropped first-degree murder charges filed against the third suspect , then only 15 , after he agreed to testify against luna and jones , according to cnn affiliate kswo .
he will now be tried as a juvenile with accessory to murder after the fact .
duncan police chief danny ford told australian radio station 3aw that when police arrested the teens , jones offered a motive that made clear that lane , a baseball player on scholarship , was chosen at random .
( cnn ) -- north korean leader kim jong-il has added his brother-in-law to a military board in a move analysts say paves the way for an heir , according to south korea 's state-sponsored yonhap news agency .
kim jong-il has named his brother-in-law jang song thaek to a top military board .
kim was reappointed thursday as chairman of the military board in his first major public appearance since a reported stroke in august .
his brother-in-law , jang song thaek , is considered his right-hand man , according to yonhap .
jang , who has been married to kim 's sister since 1972 , currently serves as a director of the workers ' party , yonhap said .
" kim wants to keep the military in check and secure loyalty to both the military and the party , " cha doo-hyeogn , a north korea expert , told yonhap .
kim also increased the number of members in the military agency to 13 , from eight , yonhap said .
" overall , the power of the national defense commission was strengthened , " seoul 's unification ministry spokesman , kim ho-nyoun , told yonhap in a briefing .
there were no other major changes in the new parliament , which signifies that kim , 67 , is prepared to maintain the status quo as he readies someone to take over from him , analysts told yonhap .
kim 's recent health problems and long absence from public functions have prompted speculation on whether he is ready to groom an heir to the world 's only communist dynasty .
but the secretive nation shields its internal affairs from international scrutiny .
( cnn ) -- nascar 's hall of fame class for 2015 includes bill elliott , one of its most popular drivers ever , and wendell scott , the only african-american to win a top-level race , the auto racing sanctioning body announced wednesday .
three other drivers -- fred lorenzen , joe weatherly and rex white -- will be inducted at a ceremony on january 30 at the nascar hall of fame in charlotte , north carolina .
elliott won one winston cup title and 44 races in his 37-year career , including two victories at the daytona 500 .
known as " awesome bill from dawsonville " , a reference to his georgia hometown , elliott won the series top circuit championship in 1988 .
he was voted nascar 's most popular driver a record 16 times .
in 1963 , scott became the only african-american to win a race at nascar 's highest level , taking a 100-mile feature at jacksonville , florida , on december 1 .
he also was the first african-american to race full time in nascar 's premier series , called the grand national series at the time .
scott made the top 10 in 30 % of the races in his 13-year grand national career .
he was portrayed in the 1977 movie " greased lightning " by richard pryor .
he died in 1990 .
lorenzen was considered one of the sport 's first superstars and won 26 races while running a part-time schedule in the 1960s and early 1970s .
weatherly was a two-time champion , in 1962 and in 1963 , when he raced for nine different teams .
white was a short-track specialist in the early days of nascar .
and since there were few super speedways , white finished in the top five about half the time .
he won the 1960 championship and 28 races in his career ( only twice at tracks longer than a mile ) .
( cnn ) -- long before chen guangcheng became internationally known as a human rights crusader , villagers near his home knew him as the man to go to when they had trouble with local authorities .
chen has been at the center of a burgeoning international impasse since his dramatic escape last week from the guards who kept him under house arrest in a small village in eastern china .
fellow activists say he made his way to the u.s. embassy in beijing , where he remains as the united states and china try to sort out the future for chen , who has sought to call attention to the practice of forced abortions and sterilizations in china .
yet he never sought out to be a rabble-rouser , said new york university law professor jerome cohen , who first met chen when the activist traveled to the united states as part of a state department program in 2004 .
" you got the feeling you were in the presence of some chinese equivalent of gandhi or something , " cohen said .
" he had this gentle but steely moral force . "
chen was born in 1971 in dongshigu , a small farming village in eastern shandong province , more than 400 kilometers ( 248 miles ) from beijing .
baltimore ( cnn ) -- erika brannock , a survivor of the boston marathon bombing , anxiously purses her lips .
her eyes jump and she is quick to smile and laugh .
this is what someone looks like waiting to meet the person , a stranger , who she believes saved her life .
' ready to go home ' : last victim , brannock , leaves the hospital brannock is about to meet amanda north , a woman who took her hand and did not let go .
the day of the marathon , the two women were standing near the finish line when the bombs went off .
north was there to watch her daughter run , while brannock was supporting her mom .
brannock was seriously injured .
she suffered bone and tissue damage , eventually requiring the amputation of her lower left leg .
north was also injured .
she had cuts and lacerations on her leg .
she just saw brannock , who was clearly hurt more than she , and jumped in to help , offering her belt as a tourniquet for brannock 's leg .
boston bombings destroy dancer 's foot , but not her spirit " she had heard me screaming for help and she said , ' my name is joan from california , and i 'm not going to let you go . '
and she stayed with me the whole time , " brannock recalled .
here 's what she did n't expect on top of all that : sharing a hospital room with a feverish 6-year-old and contracting a nasty bacterial infection her mother says nearly killed her .
" she got so weak she could n't even get out of bed to go to the bathroom -- i had to carry her , " says her mother , kathleen roche .
" for about 48 hours , i did n't think we 'd have katie with us much longer . "
because of the infection she picked up at the hospital , katie , who was 19 at the time , dropped from 120 to 90 pounds .
the study found clostridium difficile infections in hospitalized children went up 15 % per year from 1997 , when there were 3,565 infections , to 2006 , when there were 7,779 infections .
the study looked at 10.5 million pediatric patients from 1997 to 2006 , of whom 21,274 , or 0.2 % , had c. diff , as the bacteria are commonly called .
the study was published this week in the archives of pediatric and adolescent medicine .
" this is huge , and really concerning , " says dr. peter pronovost , director of the quality and safety research group at johns hopkins university .
what 's really disturbing , he says , is that these children did n't have to get sick .
new york ( cnn ) -- it 's been five years since carrie bradshaw journeyed to paris in search of true love on the series finale of " sex and the city . "
she appeared to have found it in the arms of mr. big , and she returned to new york -- and her now-settled friends -- ready for a new start .
sarah jessica parker was a driving force in creating the " sex and the city " movie .
what happens next ?
sarah jessica parker , who played carrie , wanted to find out as well .
but the situation had to be right , she said , which prompted a cascade of rumors as plans for a movie came together , fell apart and came together again .
now that the movie is out , parker -- who 's a producer of the film as well as one of its stars -- talked about the journey to making a big-screen " sex and the city " with " showbiz tonight " anchor a.j. hammer .
the following is an edited version of that interview .
cnn : i think a lot of fans , maybe a lot of people , and those of you among the cast , did n't think this day would actually ever come ... but here we are .
so how are you feeling deep inside , sarah ?
i 've spent the last two years cobbling this movie together .
... it 's a once-in-a-lifetime kind of professional experience and one really should n't be greedy enough to ask for it twice .
( cnn ) -- in a televised address monday night , u.s. president barack obama explained the reasons he involved the u.s. military in the u.n.-authorized mission in libya , saying " it was not in our national interest " to let the citizens of a rebel stronghold suffer a massacre at the hands of approaching pro-government forces .
following is a collection of reactions from people including u.s. politicians and political analysts .
u.s. sen. john mccain , r-arizona : " i think that the first part of his speech was excellent , and he laid out the reasons why it was important to intervene and what would have happened in benghazi .
... he made a strong case . "
" then ... he made a very puzzling comment , and that was ( regime change by force ) would be a mistake .
gadhafi must have been comforted by that . "
i think there 's a chance , if we keep the pressure on , gadhafi could be thrown under the bus ( by people surrounding him . ) "
" it 's clear we 're on the side of the rebels in this conflict .
fareed zakaria , host of cnn 's " fareed zakaria gps " : " it was actually an important speech .
it was quite carefully constructed .
it had a humanitarian angle , a strategic angle .
but at the heart of what obama is saying is that there are places in the world where the united states does not have vital national interests , where we have not been attacked , but we have limited interests and we 're going to try to find a way to have some kind of limited military response . "
cairo , egypt ( cnn ) -- omar bin laden has a message for his father , osama : " find another way . "
omar bin laden says he last saw his father in 2000 when the son decided to leave al qaeda .
the son of the most-wanted man in the world spoke sunday to cnn in a quiet , middle-class suburb about an hour outside cairo , egypt .
omar bin laden , who works as a contractor , said he is talking publicly because he wants an end to the violence his father has inspired -- violence that has killed innocent civilians in a spate of attacks around the world , including those of september 11 , 2001 .
" i try and say to my father : ' try to find another way to help or find your goal .
this bomb , this weapons , it 's not good to use it for anybody , ' " he said in english learned in recent months from his british wife .
he said that 's not just his own message , but one that a friend of his father 's and other muslims have expressed to him .
" they too say ... my father should change [ his ] way , " he said .
watch whether omar bin laden thinks his father will ever be caught » he said he has n't spoken to his father since 2000 , when he walked away from an al qaeda training camp in afghanistan with his father 's blessings .
he said he has no idea where his father is , but is confident he will never be caught because locals support him .
asked if his father might be living along the afghan-pakistan border , he said , " maybe , maybe not . "
a senior palestinian authority official died wednesday after a confrontation with israeli troops , prompting president mahmoud abbas to halt security coordination with israel , according to palestinian officials .
ziyad abu ein died after clashes with israeli soldiers midday wednesday in the palestinian village of turmusaya , which is northeast of the west bank city of ramallah , longtime chief palestinian negotiator saeb erakat said in a statement .
abu ein -- a minister in abbas ' fatah party and head of the committee to resist the wall and settlements -- was there participating in nonviolent demonstrations to mark international human rights day , according to erakat 's statement .
the official palestinian news agency wafa , meanwhile , reported that the palestinian official lost consciousness after he inhaled tear gas and an israeli soldier hit him in the chest .
" the israeli soldiers called abu ein by name and seemed to be focused on him , " witness kamal abu safaka told cnn .
... when abu ein tried to intercede , they hit him on the chest with a rifle butt and grabbed him by the throat and pushed him back and then threw a large amount of tear gas and stun grenades . "
dr. ahmed bitawi , the director of the ramallah hospital that inspected abu ein 's body , said he died from asphyxiation after choking on vomit brought on by tear gas inhalation .
( cnn ) -- it 's a number that even astrophysicist neil degrasse tyson is having a hard time wrapping his brilliant mind around .
his christmas day tweet commemorating the birthday of isaac newton was retweeted more than 69,000 times as of this writing , making it the most popular of his twitter career so far -- and , arguably , his most controversial .
" on this day long ago , a child was born who , by age 30 , would transform the world .
happy birthday isaac newton b. dec 25 , 1642 , " the startalk host tweeted .
he followed it up with a nod to the commercialization of christmas : " merry christmas to all .
by then , he was on a roll .
his comments drew criticism and name-calling from various corners of the internet .
" overly reductive , deliberately cynical and unnecessarily provocative , " one person said on twitter .
tyson 's response to the controversy ?
" imagine a world in which we are all enlightened by objective truths rather than offended by them . "
he did not defend or disavow his comments .
instead , in true scientific form , he attempted to quantify their popularity compared to previous tweets .
" my sense in this case is that the high rate of re-tweeting , is not to share my enthusiasm of this fact , but is driven by accusations that the tweet is somehow anti-christian , " he wrote .
" if a person actually wanted to express anti-christian sentiment , my guess is that alerting people of isaac newton 's birthday would appear nowhere on the list . "
attorney general eric holder is not entirely ruling out a scenario under which a drone strike would be ordered against americans on u.s. soil , but says it has never been done previously and he could only see it being considered in an extraordinary circumstance .
he began to winnow the list of those possible extraordinary circumstances wednesday .
in testimony wednesday before the senate judiciary committee , sen. ted cruz , r-texas , pressed holder whether he believed it would be constitutional to target an american terror suspect " sitting at a cafe " if the suspect did n't pose an imminent threat .
" no , " holder replied .
but he also said the government has no intention of carrying out drone strikes inside the united states .
echoing what he said in a letter to u.s. sen. rand paul , r-kentucky , he called the possibility of domestic drone strikes " entirely hypothetical . "
that letter , released tuesday , was prompted by questions raised over the nomination of john brennan to head the cia .
specifically , members of the senate intelligence committee sought the obama administration 's legal rationale for its use of drones to kill terror suspects overseas .
but sen. rand paul , a kentucky republican who has said he would do what he could to hold up brennan 's nomination until he got a full answer to his query , wanted to know whether the administration considered that policy applicable domestically .
holder : drone strike against americans in the u.s. possible in a letter to paul dated on monday , holder said it was possible , " i suppose , " to imagine an " extraordinary circumstance in which it would be necessary and appropriate " under u.s. law for the president to authorize the military to " use lethal force " within the united states .
( cnn ) -- england international defender ashley cole turned goal scorer as his late winner at stamford bridge saturday gave chelsea a 1-0 win over stoke city to stay top of the english premier league .
cole was finding the net for the first time in over two years and he left it until the 85th minute , set up by a brilliant pass by spain 's juan mata .
his team had been made to struggle by the battling visitors and looked set for a fourth game without a win in all competitions before the full back 's late intervention .
" i had a few shots in the first half and took too much time on the ball with them , but this time , the first thing that came into my brain was to dink it and i just did it , " cole said .
fernando torres scuffed chelsea 's best chance but stoke might have gone ahead in the first half when a jonathan walters ' header hit the crossbar .
the striker was also subjected to a strong challenge late in the game from chelsea defender david luiz , which left the brazilian lucky to escape a straight red card .
luiz , who signed from benfica last year , sealed a new five-year contract with the blues later saturday , extending his deal to 2017 .
" it is a great club and i look forward to winning more trophies here .
i want to play for a long time at the top level -- which is what playing for chelsea means , " he told the club 's official website .
( cnn ) -- a june trial has been set for a detroit-area man who said he accidentally shot and killed a 19-year-old woman he thought was breaking into his home .
theodore paul wafer , 54 , pleaded not guilty at his arraignment wednesday to second-degree murder charges in connection with the november 2 , 2013 shooting of renisha mcbride .
authorities said mcbride was intoxicated and possibly disoriented following a car crash before wafer shot her on his porch in the community of dearborn heights .
the trial was set for june 2 .
last month , district court judge david turfe said there was enough probable cause for wafer to stand trial in connection with the shooting .
" defendant came to the door with the shotgun , " turfe said , according to cnn michigan affiliate wxyz .
" his first thought was to bring the gun , not call for help , or not answer the door .
it suggests to this court , the defendant made a bad choice . "
a friend of mcbride told the court that she and the victim had been playing a drinking game with vodka and smoking marijuana the night of the shooting .
wafer , whose lawyer said he shot the victim in self-defense , was charged with second-degree murder last month after days of pressure from mcbride 's relatives seeking an arrest .
he also was charged with manslaughter and possession of a firearm in the commission of a felony .
wafer told investigators he thought mcbride was breaking into his home , and that the shotgun accidentally discharged when he investigated , police said .
mcbride was unarmed and there was no evidence of a break-in , so wafer -- who authorities say shot mcbride from behind a closed , locked screen door -- can not lawfully claim he needed to shoot her to stop an imminent threat of death or great bodily harm , wayne county prosecutor kym worthy told reporters in november .
( cnn ) -- jeanne cooper , who played katherine chancellor , the " dame of genoa city , " on " the young and the restless , " has died .
her death was confirmed by her son , actor corbin bernsen , on his twitter account .
" mom passed this morning , " bernsen posted .
cooper had been suffering from an undisclosed illness .
the cause of death was not given .
cooper was already a well-established tv actress when she took the role of chancellor in 1973 .
" the young and the restless " was struggling in the ratings and its creator , william j. bell , wanted to spice things up .
" jeanne was the matriarch of the show in every sense of the word , " said lauralee bell , christine/cricket on " the young and the restless " and william bell 's daughter .
" when you did work you were proud of , you 'd hope for approval or a ' good job ' from jeanne as a child would from a parent .
when things got too tense , she 'd break the tension with her amazing wit .
she would teach the younger actors without ever talking down to them .
" she always had my back and my parents ( and our whole family ) always had hers . "
kate linder , another member of " the young and the restless " cast , said cooper was her " mentor and an amazing actress and friend . "
linder , esther valentine on the show , said , " when jeanne welcomed you into her life , you knew it and it was a fantastic feeling .
( cnn ) -- wednesday night 's cnn debate lands at a critical moment in the republican race .
this season , each debate has set the tone for the primary to follow .
newt gingrich 's savaging of the media helped propel him to victory in south carolina .
the current uncertainty about the race , and the extraordinary elasticity in the polls , is partly due to the fact that we have n't had a debate for a whole month .
it 's important , then , for each of the candidates to make a powerful impression in this last confrontation before arizona and michigan vote on february 28 .
rick santorum and newt gingrich will compete over who is the most conservative , and ron paul will push his unique brand of libertarianism .
same old , same old .
but we might see something new from mitt romney : a glimmer of humanity .
the latest cnn/time/orc international poll shows that santorum is closing the gap on romney in arizona , but it 's probably in michigan that he stands the best chance of scoring an upset .
a week ago , polls put santorum as much as 10 points ahead in the great lakes state .
so it would serve santorum well to hit mitt hard in the debate .
this is rick 's natural style -- he gets a thrill out of counting the flaws of his opponents .
but santorum also probably recognizes that the only way he 'll win michigan is by reminding voters of the doubts that they have about romney 's conservatism .
that 's what he 's been doing in the western part of the state all this week , where he has hit out repeatedly at romney 's " well-oiled weathervane " stance on issues like abortion and iran .
london , england ( cnn ) -- former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic finally took the stand monday at the u.n. 's international tribunal at the hague to defend himself against genocide charges stemming from the 1992-1995 bosnian conflict .
for cnn 's senior international correspondent nic robertson , the 64 year-old was as defiant and unrepentant as the man he recalled meeting outside sarajevo in 1993-94 , as bosnian-serb forces shelled the city .
karadzic , who faces 11 charges of war crimes , crimes against humanity , and genocide during the war , told the tribunal the serb cause is " just and holy , " and dismissed as myths two of the worst atrocities of a conflict that claimed 100,000 lives -- the three-year siege of sarajevo and the srebrenica massacre in 1995 .
their fighters " had blood up to their shoulders , " he said .
" i will defend that nation of ours and their cause that is just and holy , " he said in his defiant opening statement .
the aim of the " muslim plotters , " he added , was " 100 percent power , as it was in the ottoman empire . "
" this is reminiscent of those days , " said robertson , who reported from the bosnian capital during the war .
" these were the exact same justifications : ' we 're the ones that had been under attack , we 're the ones being wronged . '
" it 's very telling that he 's not trying to address specific issues , such as the srebrenica massacre and such like , which are going to be the main parts of the prosecution .
( cnn ) -- bagpipers sounded " amazing grace " on a snowy day at a utah cemetery as military pallbearers marched to rest the casket of pfc. aaron thomas nemelka , one of 13 people gunned down last week in ford hood , texas .
a throng of mourners arrived for the funeral service at a mormon church in west jordan , and then solemnly witnessed the burial of the 19-year-old combat engineer set for deployment in afghanistan .
one of six of the fort hood victims laid to rest across the country on saturday , nemelka was buried at the utah veterans memorial park , south of bluffdale .
american flags flapped in the freezing wind and a soldier played " taps " amid a graveside huddle of military comrades , veterans , family members and patriot guard riders , the motorcycle group that honors slain troops .
" this one is a little bit hard to understand , " said utah gov. gary herbert , who spoke to reporters after the church service .
he said nemelka 's death is particularly hard to accept because of the circumstances .
authorities say maj. nidal malik hasan , a u.s. army psychiatrist , opened fire at a military processing center at fort hood on november 5 , killing 13 people .
hasan , who was seriously wounded in the incident , was charged with 13 counts of premeditated murder -- charges that make him eligible for the death penalty .
nemelka graduated from high school in 2008 and enlisted the same year , and then was ready to deploy to afghanistan in january .
the youngest of four children , nemelka loved his work as a combat engineer and was being trained to defuse bombs , according to a report in salt lake city 's deseret news posted on the nemelka family web page .
he had been assigned to the 510th engineer company , 20th engineer battalion in fort hood .
residents throughout atlanta are outraged by hundreds , even thousands of dollars in monthly spikes in their water bills , and have questioned the legitimacy of the charges for years .
now , they 're demanding answers .
" i thought we were sinking in a hole of water , " said debbi scarborough .
i thought we had a major leak when i got the bill . "
over two months last summer , her family 's monthly water bill , shot up to $ 1,805 in july and then $ 1,084 in august , leaving a balance due of more than $ 3,000 .
she said in the past her bill has averaged $ 200 to $ 250 .
" i 'm not paying a $ 3,000 bill .
and for those three months , we were pretty much out of town most of the time and there 's no leaks , " she said , showing cnn a copy of her plumber 's report .
the city installed a device on her meter to track daily usage .
in the meantime , scarborough 's bill remains unpaid while she disputes the charges .
while similar complaints about huge water bill spikes have popped up in cleveland , ohio ; charlotte , north carolina ; tampa , florida ; and brockton , massachusetts ; it appears that the issue has lasted the longest in atlanta .
see how top 50 cities rank it 's led to a class-action lawsuit , countless meetings with city officials and continuing complaints from fed-up residents .
thousands of residents who have seen unusual spikes have appealed their high water bills .
just last year , the city issued credits totaling $ 466,368 to customers .
( cnn ) -- " we looked at ports in europe .
we looked at street signs .
things on the menu . "
in the end , comedian kevin nealon and his wife decided to name their son gable .
they simply liked the sound of it , and most people will agree it 's far better than helsinki , 43rd avenue or never ending pasta bowl .
this was 4â ½ years ago , but the former " saturday night live " star still loves to talk about his son .
in 2009 , he even published a book about becoming a first-time dad called " yes , you 're pregnant , but what about me ? "
" and now we 're potty training him .
it would 've been easier to get the pacifier away from him if we taught him how to pee on it . "
in that sense , he sort of sounds like his character , doug wilson , on showtime 's " weeds , " a pot-smoking , former cpa-drifter with a pretty much nonexistent moral compass .
however , as you 'll see and hear in our recent video interview , nealon and doug wilson are really nothing alike .
" i have a lot of hobbies , and i have a lot of friends , " he says .
" and i 'm not so insecure as doug . "
they have even greater differences , but everyone still loves doug .
for all his faults and failures , fans just ca n't get enough of the self-centered , shamed city councilman of fictional agrestic , and he has become , perhaps , nealon 's most beloved character on tv .
this , from the man who spent a decade on " snl , " " entertaining viewers with hans and franz and mr. subliminal .
( cnn ) after weeks of controversy and the sudden departures of two co-hosts , " fashion police " is going on an extended break .
" we look forward to taking this opportunity to refresh the show before the next awards season , " it said in a statement .
the announcement caps a rocky few months .
last week , co-host kathy griffin bid the show bye-bye after seven episodes , saying her style did not blend in with her co-hosts .
she made a dig at the show on her way out .
" there is plenty to make fun of in pop culture without bringing people 's bodies into it , " she said in a statement .
rancic later issued an on-air apology to the 18-year-old after social media jumped to the teen 's defense .
but her apology was not enough for co-host kelly osbourne , who criticized her remarks and quit a few days later .
rancic and fellow co-host brad goreski will return in september , along with executive producer melissa rivers .
( cnn ) -- mitt romney is rumored to be announcing a choice soon for his vice presidential running mate , and conventional thinking suggests his pick is going to be " safe , " someone who brings a high measure of conservative street cred , and preferably from a swing state .
in other words , the rumor is the guy who has trouble getting people to like him is going to pick someone even more boring than him .
it seems he has n't figured out that as long as barack obama is president , his base will be fired up in spite of his dull personality , so what he does n't need to do is waste this pick on a running mate republicans will like .
a media darling with a successful track record to point to and someone whose social politics wo n't immediately get them labeled by independents as " crazy . "
romney risks playing running mate hand too early enter michael bloomberg : that union-fighting/gay-couple-loving renegade who would make things complicated for democrats because he 's managed to get elected three times in the most diverse region in the country while being a rich , old white guy .
four years ago , sen. john mccain selected a game changer who turned out to be better in theory than in practice .
like sarah palin , bloomberg would be a curve ball .
but while she got people talking , the new york mayor would get people talking and thinking .
an old school republican .
miami ( cnn ) -- two south florida imams and a third family member were arrested saturday on charges of providing support to the pakistani taliban , the justice department said .
in addition , three others in pakistan were also indicted on the same charges .
they are expected to make their initial court appearance in federal court on monday .
another of hafiz khan 's sons , irfan khan , was arrested in los angeles and will appear in court there .
amina khan is hafiz khan 's daughter , and zeb is his grandson .
the four-count indictment alleges that all six defendants conspired to provide material support to a conspiracy to kill , injure and kidnap people abroad , and that they provided support to the pakistani taliban .
hafiz khan is the imam at flagler mosque in miami .
izhar khan , is an imam at the jamaat al-mu ' mineen mosque in margate , florida .
" despite being an imam , or spiritual leader , hafiz khan was by no means a man of peace .
instead , as today 's charges show , he acted with others to support terrorists to further acts of murder , kidnapping and maiming , " u.s. attorney wilfredo a. ferrer said .
" but for law enforcement intervention , these defendants would have continued to transfer funds to pakistan to finance the pakistani taliban , including its purchase of guns . "
the indictment describes a number of occasions where hafiz khan transferred money to pakistan , and where money was withdrawn once there .
the south african president 's visit friday to the capital , harare , follows escalating tensions between the two leaders , with tsvangirai this week taking mugabe to court for making unilateral decisions in the 21-month-old government .
after a more than six-hour meeting with mugabe and tsvangirai , who have not been on speaking terms for close to a month , zuma said he had managed to break the impasse between the two .
" we have met and we have had successful consultations on a number of issues , " zuma told journalists .
" they were small issues .
there had been a breakdown of communication with the leaders of the government which have been resolved , and meetings will resume . "
zuma joked and smiled with journalists , but that was not the case with mugabe and tsvangirai , who remained tense throughout the short press briefing .
" no comment .
no comment .
mugabe just waved to reporters before he jumped into his car .
the friction between zimbabwe 's leaders worsened this week when tsvangirai went to court to reverse unilateral appointments mugabe made of senior government officials such as attorney general and several diplomats .
bob dylan is being investigated on suspicion of inciting hatred in paris over comments he made in rolling stone magazine , french prosecutors said tuesday .
" if you got a slave master or klan in your blood , blacks can sense that .
that stuff lingers to this day .
just like jews can sense nazi blood and the serbs can sense croatian blood , " the influential singer-songwriter was quoted as saying .
while a croatian group has said dylan was referencing the violence that came with the breakup of yugoslavia in the 1990s , it 's unclear whether the long-outspoken musician was referring to yugoslavia or the crimes committed when the ustasha ruled croatia during world war ii .
the paris prosecutor 's office said dylan was placed under formal investigation last month by the paris main court for " public injury " and " incitement to hatred . "
vlatko maric , secretary general of the representative council of the croatian community and institutions , told cnn his organization had brought the case almost a year ago .
explaining the council 's decision to pursue the case against dylan , maric said the artist 's remarks in rolling stone were of a " rare violence " that had deeply shocked people from a nation still wounded by the conflict of the 1990s .
" an entire people is being compared to criminal organizations " like the nazis or the ku klux klan , he said .
" the croatians are peaceful people who respect bob dylan as an artist , but we must remind him that he ca n't make such remarks .
( cnn ) -- lewis hamilton has always been driven by his emotions -- for better or for worse -- but has he found a new level of maturity with mercedes ?
the double world champion has been schooled in the harsh lessons that formula one can mete out since he joined mclaren 's junior program when just 13 years old .
there have been some heady highs and mesmerizing meltdowns in his eight-year career at the highest level of motorsport .
fizzing with energy , he bounded into the sport in 2007 and refused to lie down when faced with fernando alonso , a double world champion , as his feisty mclaren teammate .
with alonso gone after a single acrimonious season , hamilton drove the mclaren to the 2008 title with " my heart in my mouth . "
at just 23 years old , he had sensationally clinched the championship at the last corner , of the last lap , of the last race to deny ferrari 's felipe massa -- and a seething crowd of home fans -- in brazil .
his long-distance relationship with american pop star nicole scherzinger was more off than on and he had ditched his dad anthony as manager in favor of a high-profile agency .
hamilton teetered on the edge of controversy and despair .
the torch paper was lit at the monaco grand prix when he was penalized by the race stewards .
on paper , the race in kentucky between sen. mitch mcconnell and his democratic challenger , alison lundergan grimes , should be pretty clear-cut : the experienced veteran easily beats a political novice .
but like most things , it 's not .
a lot is at stake overall in november : control of the senate and the political fate of one of the most powerful republicans in washington .
grimes ' advantage grimes , 35 , was just 7 when mcconnell was first elected to the senate .
mitch mcconnell would face biggest challenge yet in alison grimes while he rose up the ranks in washington and became senate republican leader , grimes practiced law and won statewide office as secretary of state in 2011 .
grimes ' family has a long history in state democratic politics .
but he was forced out of those roles over legal problems facing his catering company .
while the family name has been battered , its connections survive : she 'll have access to the deep pockets and support of her father 's allies , including bill and hillary clinton .
the former president has already hit the trail for grimes , raising more than $ 600,000 at one louisville event in february .
( cnn ) -- it has been a rocky couple of years for the people of egypt .
since the 2011 revolution , the economy has tanked , street protests are an almost daily occurrence and the political situation remains volatile .
" we are like a little beam of sunlight , coming through and reminding people , ' do n't worry !
when this cloud passes , it will be brighter .
it will be happier , ' " says rami borai , a comedian in one of egypt 's first home-grown comedy troupes , hezb el comedy .
the group , whose name means " the comedy party , " was formed in 2009 by hashim al gahry , who admits he started up with " zero capital . "
al gahry and some friends pooled their savings , and started marketing the group through social media .
when they 're not performing , hezb el comedy teaches the art of stand-up to other aspiring comics , instructing them on things like timing and body language .
read more : book shows collection of iran 's political cartoons other arab nations are similarly investing in grassroots comedy .
we took it from the americans .
we have reshaped it to adapt to our culture and society and people , " says hamad al amri , 24 , a comedian who is also a banker by day .
mohamed kamal , who also performs stand-up with sucq , notes that given qatar 's political climate , there are limits to what he can joke about .
( cnn ) -- former english premier league referees have jumped to the defense of howard webb after criticism of his performance in sunday 's world cup final .
webb , the first referee to officiate the european champions league final and world cup final in the same season , dished out 13 yellow cards and one red as spain defeated the netherlands 1-0 in a tempestuous clash at soccer city , johannesburg .
dutch coach bert van marwijk and several of his players suggested the english official favored the spanish , and netherlands fans booed webb and his assistants when they collected their medals after the game .
" i thought he had a superb game , " winter told cnn .
" i find it very difficult to remember a more testing game than that at any level .
i thought the players ' behavior and discipline were abysmal .
" it was as if the dutch had decided the only way they were going to stop spain was by kicking them , harassing the referee and being obnoxious throughout .
" from a referee 's point of view , if the players do n't want to be controlled it 's virtually impossible to control them .
beijing , china ( cnn ) -- a court in eastern china sentenced a man to death saturday for attacking 29 kindergarten students and three teachers with a knife , state-run media said .
the taixing intermediate people 's court found xu yuyuan , 47 , guilty of intentional homicide after a half-day trial , xinhua news agency said .
xu told the court that his rage against society motivated him in the april 29 attacks , according to xinhua .
but he appealed the death sentence , arguing that the punishment was too severe since no one died in the attacks , xinhua said .
chinese penal code says a person can be convicted of intentional homicide for acting on an intent to kill , the news agency reported .
a police probe found xu had been unemployed since 2001 , when he was fired by a local insurance company .
he told police he carried out the attack because he was angry about a series of business and personal humiliations , xinhua said .
about 300 people attended saturday 's open trial , according to xinhua .
xu 's sentence was the second death penalty conviction after a recent spate of school attacks that have prompted public outrage across china .
zheng minsheng , 42 , was sentenced to death and executed on april 28 for attacking students in front of an elementary school in fujian province , killing eight and wounding several others .
authorities said zheng carried out the attack because he was frustrated at " failures in his romantic life , " the news agency said .
at least four other such attacks on school children in china have been reported since march .
( cnn ) -- music manager allen klein , whose clients included the rolling stones and the beatles , died saturday after a lengthy battle with alzheimer 's disease , his publicist said .
klein was 77 .
the son of jewish immigrants from hungary , klein founded his firm allen klein & co. in the late 1950s before the label evolved into abkco music & records in new york .
klein represented dozens of artists , including sam cooke , the animals , bobby darin and herman 's hermits .
he changed the music industry when he represented sam cooke in negotiations with rca , winning the artist control of his own master recordings .
known for a tenacious and often blunt style in negotiations , klein 's greatest coups were inking contracts with the rolling stones and the beatles , though both relationships ended in legal battles .
abkco built up a catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs , including much of the stones ' 1960s catalog .
klein retained ownership of those titles even after splitting with the stones .
in 1969 , john lennon persuaded the other beatles that klein should take over the group 's business affairs , but paul mccartney resisted the move and some music historians say the appointment hastened the beatles ' split .
lennon later fell out with klein , who was thought to be the target of the former beatle 's 1974 song " steel and glass . "
( cnn ) -- serena williams came from a set down against maria sharapova to win the miami masters for a record sixth time on saturday .
after a slow start , the world no. 1 sprang into life in stunning fashion , winning the last 10 games of the match to eventually prevail 4-6 6-3 6-0 .
williams ' win -- the 48th of her career -- means she surpasses the previous all-time title mark that she jointly held with germany 's steffi graf .
the match was turned on its head in the sixth game of the second set with sharapova serving at 3-2 .
williams won the game to love before streaking away with the set and the match .
defeat for sharapova means she has now finished runner-up for three successive years in miami and five times in all .
" it 's disappointing to end it like this but serena played a great match , and i 'm sure we 'll play a few more times this year , " sharapova said , wtatennis.com reported .
the fate of three u.s. citizens who have disappeared or been imprisoned in iran was discussed during friday 's historic conversation between the two nations ' presidents , a senior u.s. administration official said .
u.s. president barack obama , during his phone call with iranian president hassan rouhani , " noted our concern about three american citizens who have been held within iran -- robert levinson , saeed abedini , and amir hekmati -- and noted our interest in seeing those americans reunited with their families , " the official said .
two of the americans have been tried and convicted in iranian courts , and the whereabouts of another have been unknown for more than six years .
here are the most recent developments in the stories of the detained u.s. citizens : bob levinsonthe family of levinson , a retired fbi agent , has been anxiously waiting for news , any news , about his fate since he vanished during a business trip to iran in march 2007 .
when rouhani , iran 's new president , arrived in new york , levinson 's wife and children were watching closely for a sign that efforts to find levinson might move forward .
during an exclusive interview with cnn 's christiane amanpour , rouhani offered little when asked what he can tell levinson 's family .
" we do n't know where he is , who he is , " rouhani said .
" he is an american who has disappeared .
yet , like former president mahmoud ahmadinejad , rouhani spoke of cooperation .
" we are willing to help , and all the intelligence services in the region can come together to gather information about him to find his whereabouts , " rouhani told amanpour .
( cnn ) -- justin timberlake is an entertainer .
that 's jt , with a capital " e " : everyman , everything and everywhere right now .
with the long-awaited release of " the 20/20 experience , " his first album in seven years , 32-year-old timberlake has managed to endear himself to both women and men -- crafting an amalgam of talents that have made him a character not seen in a generation or two in show-business : the well-rounded performer .
you wo n't find anyone else like him in music , or hollywood for that matter .
it 's an organic chemistry of likability : equal parts movie star , debonair showman , tv comedian and successful businessman .
" my idols have always been the types of guys who could do anything , " timberlake told " the guardian " in 2011 .
" gene kelly , fred astaire , sinatra , dean martin ; and when you look up to people like that , you do n't accept that you need to be compartmentalized . "
" i would n't call him frank sinatra , " " billboard " 's , phil gallo told cnn .
" i 'll go bing crosby because bing crosby was more of the , a , wise investor , b , very specific vocal style that evolves -- but you knew it was bing , just as you know this is justin .
timberlake 's business ventures are as diverse as professional sports franchises and golf courses , fashion , the internet , and restaurants .
gallo added , " here 's somebody who really understands popular culture -- who knows a good project when it 's presented to him , that -- that captures a certain zeitgeist . "
( cnn ) mikaela shiffrin is on course to make skiing history after claiming her third consecutive slalom victory on the world cup circuit on saturday .
shiffrin , who retained her slalom title at february 's world championships in colorado , now has a 90-point lead going into next week 's world cup finale in france .
" i think the first couple races of the season i was pretty arrogant and was like , ' i 'm just going to win these , i guess . '
and i did n't .
i was n't even close , " said shiffrin , who has won the slalom crystal globe two years running .
" when you 're racing at a high level -- or doing any sport at a high level -- everybody 's going for the win .
i learned that i ca n't take my foot off the gas and expect to win .
these last races , i was pushing everything .
i 'm proud of that . "
a day after her 20th birthday , shiffrin won by a comfortable 1.41 seconds at are in sweden as she claimed the 14th world cup win of her career , with slovakia 's veronika velez zuzulova second and czech republic 's sarka strachova third .
slalom title rival frida hansdotter finished sixth in front of her home fans .
tina maze missed a chance to close the gap on overall world cup leader anna fenninger , who did not race , as the slovenian finished back in 16th .
dallas ( cnn ) -- the u.s. supreme court has delayed the scheduled execution on an inmate on death row in texas amid questions about a psychologist who testified that blacks and hispanics were more likely to commit future crimes .
duane edward buck already had eaten a final meal of fried chicken , fried fish , french fries , salad , jalapeno peppers and apples when news came of the court 's decision on thursday evening , texas department of criminal justice spokesman jason clark said .
" praise the lord jesus , " clark quoted the condemned man as saying .
" god is worthy to be praised .
buck had been set to die by lethal injection , but the court delayed the execution to give it time to review the way a lower court handled the case .
while that happens , buck remains on death row .
buck was convicted of the 1995 killings of debra gardner and kenneth butler .
the texas board of pardons and paroles , however , recommended against granting buck clemency buck 's attorney , katherine c. black , said the recommendation , " fails to recognize what the highest legal officer in the state of texas has acknowledged : no one should be executed based on a process tainted by considerations of race . "
cornyn said he believed the inmates had been unfairly sentenced to death based on testimony that was racially tainted by psychologist walter quijano , who repeatedly told juries that black or hispanic defendants were more likely to commit future crimes .
hiroki had to travel to the u.s. , where he is awaiting a heart , because japan prohibits organ transplants involving children .
his story highlights the wide range of policies around the world regarding organ donation .
watch hiroki 's trip to the u.s. » organ donation has saved and improved countless lives .
but medical advancements have led to a rise in demand for organs that is outpacing donation rates .
some countries , particularly spain , have succeeded in raising the number of organ donors , but there is still much room for improvement , according to leo roels , managing director of the donor action foundation .
" what we see in our experience in so many countries is that there is still a lot of potential when it comes to identifying donors , " he told cnn .
the donor action foundation is a non-profit group that helps hospitals implement programs designed to improve their donation rates .
it 's active in 17 countries worldwide .
looking at deceased donors per million population -- a commonly used benchmark -- rates vary widely around the world .
spain leads internationally with 34 deceased donors per million population , according to figures from the international registry of organ donation and transplantation .
australia , on the other hand , noticeably lags countries with comparable health care systems with just 12 deceased donors per million population .
( cnn ) -- it 's been more than three weeks since militants from the dreaded boko haram terrorist group dragged 276 girls out of their beds at a boarding school in northern nigeria , and still no one knows where the girls are .
international assistance has begun to flow into nigeria , whose president has vowed to end the terror threat plaguing his country .
it 's anyone 's guess .
boko haram 's leader , abubakar shekau , said in a video that he was going to sell them into slavery , but it 's unknown whether he has .
pentagon spokesman u.s. navy rear adm. john kirby and other officials have said they believe the girls may have been separated into smaller groups , making the task of finding them inordinately more difficult .
gordon brown , a former uk prime minister and the u.n. 's special envoy for global education , speculated that the girls may have been moved into neighboring countries .
" the search must be in niger , cameroon and chad , to see if we can find information , " he said .
what 's being done to find them ?
the united states and britain have sent advisers to help the nigerian government find the girls , stage rescue missions and help in the larger fight to defeat boko haram .
( primo levi , if this is a man ) gino bartali wanted to keep it to himself .
how could a man , so famous and so revered , keep it a secret for so long ?
" good is something you do , not something you talk about , " bartali once explained .
" some medals are pinned to your soul , not to your jacket . "
he was italy 's very own version of babe ruth -- a man whose personality , character and success transcended sport .
in the 1930s , bartali , a son of tuscany , was one of the leading cyclists in the world , a man admired by all .
he had won three giro d'italia titles -- one of the three major european cycling events -- in addition to his triumph at the 1938 tour de france and was very much the country 's poster boy .
and yet for a man who lived in his life in the full glare of the public , a new film , my italian secret reveals a very different side to bartali 's remarkable life .
using the handlebars on his bike to hide counterfeit identity papers , bartali would ride to jews in hiding and deliver their exit visas which allowed them to escape transportation to the death camps -- he is credited with saving the lives of 800 people .
decatur , georgia ( cnn ) -- a former georgia sheriff 's deputy convicted of murder in the slaying of his wife and a day laborer in 2008 was sentenced friday to two consecutive life sentences plus five years in prison .
that means that derrick yancey , 51 , will have to serve at least 60 years before he is eligible for parole .
he stared straight forward and showed no emotion as a superior court judge imposed the sentence for the murders of linda yancey , 44 , who was also a sheriff 's deputy , and marcial cax-puluc , 23 , a day laborer from guatemala .
referring to linda yancey , judge linda hunter said , " she was an officer , she was a wife , she was a mother , she was a daughter , she was a sister , she was a friend .
mr. cax-puluc , who had barely began to live his life , he died that day .
hunter and the defendant , who both worked at the dekalb county courthouse , knew each other , prosecutors have said .
yancey was convicted earlier this month of two counts of murder and two counts of possession of a firearm during the commission of a crime .
cax-puluc and linda yancey were shot multiple times in the yanceys ' home in stone mountain .
the defendant told police that he shot cax-puluc in self-defense after the day laborer had shot his wife .
prosecutors argued that yancey was the lone gunman and that he hired cax-puluc as part of an elaborate plan to kill his wife .
within hours of becoming a national hero , a viral video star and the top topic on twitter , charles ramsey talked about having trouble getting sleep .
instead , ramsey told cnn 's anderson cooper on tuesday , it was about knowing he had lived for a year near the captive women on the city 's west side .
" up until yesterday the only thing that kept me from losing sleep was the lack of money , " the restaurant dishwasher said on " anderson cooper 360 . "
" i could have done this last year , not this hero stuff , " said ramsey .
" just do the right thing . "
ramsey recounted monday night 's drama , when he heard a girl scream " like a car had hit a kid . "
he ran from his living room , clutching a half-eaten mcdonald 's big mac , to the house and helped free a woman identified as amanda berry .
" amanda said , ' i 've been trapped in here .
he wo n't let me out .
it 's me and my baby . "
who are the three women freed in cleveland ?
ramsey and a man named angel cordero broke down the door , cnn affiliate wews reported in an earlier interview heard around the world .
ramsey told cnn he had never seen berry before monday , and at first , he could not place the name .
" berry did n't register with me until i was on the phone , like wait a minute , i thought this girl was dead . "
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) -- the guard who killed the half-brother of afghan president hamid karzai , had for years worked with international security assistance forces against taliban militants , according to three local officials with direct knowledge of the dealings .
sardar mohammed , who authorities say shot and killed kandahar 's provincial council chief ahmed wali karzai , received training from isaf and participated in intelligence gathering against militants across the region , according to besmellah afghanmal , a provincial council member with close ties to the karzai family .
he " was one of the trusted commanders for the karzais , " afghanmal told cnn .
" sardar mohammad was working with american special forces closely and he was participating in many operations with american special forces against the taliban in ( the ) south . "
others , like provincial parliament member hashim watanwal , say mohammad had worked with both u.s. and canadian forces in kandahar -- an ethnically pashtun dominated region long-considered the taliban heartland .
baz mohammed , a kandahar tribal elder with close connections to the karzai clan , said the guard was " a trustworthy person " who collaborated regularly with isaf in kandahar .
an isaf spokeswoman declined to comment on the claims .
though suspected of corruption and opium dealing , wali karzai was considered a major power-broker in afghanistan 's restive south and a bulwark for his brother against the taliban militancy .
his death tuesday sent shock-waves across afghanistan 's political landscape , and prompted president karzai to weep as mourners gathered for his half-brother 's burial the following day .
( cnn ) -- to a friend of more than 20 years , manssor arbabsiar was a man who liked to be called " jack " and did n't seem to have strong views on politics or religion .
to u.s. authorities , the 56-year-old naturalized u.s. citizen is a suspect in an alleged iranian plot to assassinate saudi arabia 's ambassador to the united states .
" it was shocking because it did n't seem like he would be the type of person to do something like that , " said mitchel hamauei , who said he met arbabsiar through mutual iranian friends .
" he was a happy go lucky guy , always joked around , " hamauei said .
hamauei , who runs a gyro and kebab restaurant in corpus christi , texas , said the two were close enough that he attended the graduation of arbabsiar 's son .
" i know his wife and his son .
they 're very down-to-earth people , " hamauei said .
the two kept in touch even after arbabsiar moved to austin about four or five years ago .
" i saw him about a year ago .
arbabsiar was a used car salesman , hamauei said .
their conversations would be about " life in general , " he said .
nothing political . "
" he would go out and party , " hamauei said .
" as far as i know he never practiced religion . "
martha guerrero , arbabsiar 's estranged wife , told the austin , texas , station kvue tuesday that they 've " been separated for a long time " and she does n't know anything about his affairs .
however , she believes he is innocent .
( cnn ) -- jewish organizations called for a romanian official to resign and face a criminal investigation after he wore a nazi uniform during a fashion show over the weekend .
radu mazare , the mayor of the town of constanta , wore a nazi uniform during a fashion show over the weekend .
radu mazare , the mayor of the town of constanta , and his 15-year-old son " entered the stage marching the clearly identifiable nazi ' goose step , ' " the center for monitoring and combating anti-semitism in romania said in a letter to the country 's prosecutor general .
the organization 's director , marco katz , said mazare had broken romanian law and encouraged his son to do the same , " educating him to treat the law with contempt . "
he urged the authorities and the head of mazare 's social democrat party to show that message " will be strongly countermanded . "
mazare , 41 , said he had not noticed the nazi swastika symbol on the uniform before he wore it , according to the romanian times newspaper .
a top nazi hunter said mazare should quit .
" the proper thing for you to do is to admit your mistake , apologize for it and resign your position , " efraim zuroff of the simon wiesenthal center in jerusalem wrote to mazare .
zuroff sent cnn a copy of the letter .
( cnn ) -- a former microsoft executive and his son were aboard a turboprop airline that crashed friday morning into two houses in east haven , connecticut , a family member told cnn .
there has been " no official confirmation or positive identification " that bill henningsgaard and his son were on board , but there is no reason to believe that it was not the two of them , his brother , blair henningsgaard , said .
also feared dead in the crash were two children -- ages 1 and 13 -- in one house , east haven mayor joseph maturo jr. said .
the other house was unoccupied .
national transportation safety board investigators can not confirm the number of people killed , saying there are reports of four to six people dead .
connecticut gov. dannel malloy said there could be as many as five people killed in the crash , including up to three people on the plane .
but blair henningsgaard said only his brother and his nephew were believed to be on the plane .
two bodies were seen inside the home but have n't been recovered because the home is unstable , east haven fire chief douglas jackson said at a press conference friday afternoon .
fire consumed both houses , preventing firefighters from searching for victims , jackson said , and the basement in the home holding at least two victims was filled with water .
maturo said the children were in one house with their mother when the plane struck shortly before 11:30 a.m.
the mother escaped , he said .
( cnn ) -- a story this week by the associated press has caused quite a stir , especially among african-americans , when multiple news outlets ran it with the attention-grabbing headline , " some black pastors are telling their flocks to stay home election day . "
the new york daily news ran the story , along with the fort worth star-telegram , newsday , and a host of conservative websites such as hotair and newsmax .
when i first saw the headline , i was stunned , especially knowing the blood that has been shed over the years by african-americans and others to gain the precious right to vote .
i read the more than 1,300-word story by rachel zoll , with a contribution from bill barrow .
nothing in the story legitimately backed up that first line .
politics : is obama taking black vote for granted ?
not a single one of these pastors was quoted as saying they have or plan to tell their congregations not to vote in the presidential election .
not one .
several expressed misgivings about president barack obama 's support for same-sex marriage , and others had negative thoughts about mitt romney being a mormon or the effect of his policies on their congregants .
one said he has n't decided whom he will vote for , and mckissic said he 'll go fishing on election day .
( cnn ) -- police in texas used a taser on a 42-year-old pastor and pepper spray to disperse members of his church after police said the pastor interfered with a traffic stop .
jose moran was arrested early wednesday morning after interfering with the duties of a public servant in the parking lot of a webster , texas , building that is being remodeled for the iglesias profetica peniel church , webster police said in a written statement .
moran 's son , omar , said his father had been trying to help .
he added that his father has heart problems .
moran identified himself as the church 's pastor and began yelling at the officer , police said .
the officer told moran to leave several times , but moran did not , police said .
the officer then tried to arrest him .
but moran pushed the officer and ran into the church building , police said .
moran 's son said after his father asked the officer if he could help , the officer began yelling .
the son said his father went back inside the church .
the son 's account differs from the police version of events .
( cnn ) -- on nikola tesla 's 158th birthday , it was the effort to build a museum in the influential scientist 's honor that got the gift .
elon musk , the magnate and inventor behind electric-car company tesla motors , has pledged $ 1 million to the tesla science center in shoreham , new york , on the site of wardenclyffe , tesla 's only remaining laboratory .
matthew inman , whose comic and website the oatmeal draws millions of readers each month , wrote thursday that he had spoken to musk and confirmed the pledge .
" so , i had a call with elon musk earlier this week ... " inman wrote on his site .
he said musk , who named his car company as a tribute to the inventor , told him two things during the phone call : that he would install a tesla charging station in the museum 's parking lot and that he 'll donate the million to the effort to fully restore and operate it .
jane alcorn , president of the tesla science center , announced the pledge at a birthday party at the center on thursday . "
( musk ) has challenged us at the center to use our resources wisely , find additional resources , and reach our goal of creating this museum , " she said .
" we are excited and extremely grateful for mr. musk 's generous gift to tesla science center , and also to matthew inman for arranging the opportunity . "
the tesla science center had confirmed the news on its twitter feed earlier .
" elon musk : from the deepest wells of my geeky little heart : thank you , " inman wrote .
" this is amazing news .
and it 's nikola tesla 's 158th birthday .
happy nikola tesla day . "
hollywood , california ( cnn ) -- singer christina aguilera joined fellow grammy award winners alicia keys and john legend for " cnn heroes : an all-star tribute , " which honored the top 10 cnn heroes of 2008 .
christina aguilera performs her hit single " beautiful " at " cnn heroes : an all-star tribute . "
the show , taped before an audience of more than 2,500 at the kodak theatre in hollywood , premiered on the global networks of cnn on thanksgiving night .
liz mccartney , dedicated to helping survivors of hurricane katrina rebuild their homes , was named 2008 cnn hero of the year .
more than 1 million votes were cast .
" to the country and the world , i ask you to please join us , " said mccartney , of st. bernard parish , louisiana .
hosted by cnn 's anderson cooper , " cnn heroes : an all-star tribute " featured musical performances by aguilera , keys and legend .
legend , backed by the world-renowned agape choir , performed " if you 're out there , " from his just-released album , " evolver . "
all three performances echoed the spirit of the cnn heroes campaign , which salutes everyday people accomplishing extraordinary things in their communities and beyond .
" in this time of economic turmoil , it is such a relief to know that there are people like these heroes , people who care more for others than they do for themselves , " cooper said .
( cnn ) -- music manager allen klein , whose clients included the rolling stones and the beatles , died saturday after a lengthy battle with alzheimer 's disease , his publicist said .
klein was 77 .
the son of jewish immigrants from hungary , klein founded his firm allen klein & co. in the late 1950s before the label evolved into abkco music & records in new york .
the independent label holds the copyrights to music by the rolling stones , sam cooke , the animals , the kinks , chubby checker , bobby womack and hundreds of others .
he changed the music industry when he represented sam cooke in negotiations with rca , winning the artist control of his own master recordings .
abkco built up a catalog of copyrights to more than 2,000 songs , including much of the stones ' 1960s catalog .
klein retained ownership of those titles even after splitting with the stones .
in 1969 , john lennon persuaded the other beatles that klein should take over the group 's business affairs , but paul mccartney resisted the move and some music historians say the appointment hastened the beatles ' split .
lennon later fell out with klein , who was thought to be the target of the former beatle 's 1974 song " steel and glass . "
defending his tough style , klein told playboy magazine in 1971 : " the music business is about 99 percent no-talent losers who ca n't stand a winner in their midst . "
shanghai , china ( cnn ) -- if it were n't for the internet , murong xuecun might still be working as a sales manager at a car company in the southern chinese city of chengdu .
the internet is increasingly being seen in china as a tool for literary empowerment , analysts say .
week by week when he got home from work , murong would post new pieces to a story that painted a bleak yet honest picture of modern urban life in the city where he lived .
it contained tales about sex , love , gambling and drugs and became so popular that it soon appeared on numerous other online forums .
today the 35-year-old is considered one of the most famous authors to have emerged in contemporary china .
his debut work , " leave me alone : a novel of chengdu , " has been read by millions of chinese " netizens " -- steady internet users -- and adapted for film and television and translated into german , french and english .
he also is viewed as a pioneer of what has become nothing short of a literary renaissance online in the country , particularly among young chinese writers .
this is a constituency that has struggled to find a platform for their work in a publishing industry that is viewed as conservative as it often faces state censorship .
instead of remaining silent , a new generation of authors has found its voice on the web .
" it is a very big revolution , " said yang hengjun , a political espionage novelist who published his first work online .
a texas teen who 's been jailed more than four months for a facebook comment he made during a video-game argument is finally getting a day in court that could let him go home .
justin carter , who was 18 when he was arrested , will appear in comal county ( texas ) district court on tuesday , july 16 , for a bond hearing , according to his lawyer , don flanary .
flanary told cnn he will argue to have carter 's $ 500,000 bond , which his family can not afford to cover , reduced .
flanary , who is working the case for free , met with carter for the first time on tuesday .
" we will likely bring out these issues at the bond hearing . "
he did not elaborate on the type of abuse claimed by carter , who is now 19 .
in february , carter and a friend were arguing on facebook with someone else over the online video game " league of legends . "
his father told cnn that the other gamer called justin crazy and his son responded with sarcasm .
according to court documents , justin wrote , " i 'm f *** ed in the head alright .
jack carter said his son followed the claim with " lol " and " j/k " -- indicating that the comment was n't serious .
oprah winfrey 's network , own , posted a teaser tuesday for tran 's interview with iyanla vanzant .
the inspirational speaker and host of " iyanla : fix my life " fires off at tran : " he betrayed you .
he lied to you .
he did it all publicly , " before asking , " how did you find out that he had a baby by another woman ? "
brown has been the subject of rumors that he fathered a daughter with another woman while in a relationship with tran .
he has neither confirmed nor denied the stories , but the story heated up when tran tweeted on march 4 , " listen .
one can only take so much .
the best of luck to chris and his family .
no baby drama for me . "
the tweet was later deleted .
brown and tran have had an on-again , off-again relationship for years .
in 2012 , brown posted a video on twitter questioning whether it was possible to be in love with two people .
at the time , the singer had broken up with tran after once again growing close to singer rihanna , whom he assaulted while they were dating in 2009 .
" i love karrueche very much but i do n't want to see her hurt over my friendship with rihanna , " brown said in the video .
" i 'd rather be single allowing us to both be happy in our lives . "
xu caihou , a retired pla general and former vice-chairman of the powerful central military commission ( cmc ) , was taken from his sick bed at 301 military hospital in beijing on saturday by dozens of armed policemen , the south china morning post reported , quoting unidentified sources .
xu was detained the same day president xi jinping chaired a steering group tasked with reforming the military , the post said .
if confirmed , xu would become the highest-ranking military officer to be detained on suspicion of corruption .
xu 's critics claim that during his tenure , the buying and selling of military ranks was widespread in the defense establishment .
" i was told by an ex-pla man i met on the train travelling to guangzhou that he quit the military because so many people were buying positions and he did not want to play that game , " said david zweig , professor at hong kong university of science and technology .
" telling me , a foreign professor , such dirt suggests that it is widespread and the anger that exists about this is also widespread . "
bribery scandal xu 's detention may be connected with the corruption probe of gu junshan , the army 's former deputy logistics chief and one of xu 's closest subordinates .
gu , who was in charge of the military 's massive procurement and property portfolio , reportedly received bribes in cash and gifts .
he has been under investigation since early 2012 .
xu , 71 , was promoted to the cmc in 1999 and became its vice-chairman in 2004 .
he retired in march last year .
he has not been seen in public for several months until january 20 , when the chinese media showed him with president xi greeting a group of retired military officials on the eve of the chinese lunar new year .
( mental floss ) -- it 's hard to walk down the aisle of a liquor store without running across a bottle bearing someone 's name .
a costumed reveler at a captain morgan party celebrates the rum named after the 17th century privateer .
here 's some biographical detail on the men behind your favorite tipples : 1 .
not only did the welsh pirate marry his own cousin , he ran risky missions for the governor of jamaica , including capturing some spanish prisoners in cuba and sacking port-au-prince in haiti .
he then plundered the cuban coast before holding for ransom the entire city of portobelo , panama .
he later looted and burned panama city , but his pillaging career came to an end when spain and england signed a peace treaty in 1671 .
instead of getting in trouble for his high-seas antics , morgan received knighthood and became the lieutenant governor of jamaica .
mental floss : 5 drinking stories that put yours to shame 2 .
johnnie walker walker , the name behind the world 's most popular brand of scotch whisky , was born in 1805 in ayrshire , scotland .
when his father died in 1819 , johnnie inherited a trust of a little over 400 pounds , which the trustees invested in a grocery store .
walker became a very successful grocer in the town of kilmarnock and even sold a whisky , walker 's kilmarnock whisky .
( cnn ) -- rebel leaders said early monday that they had captured three of embattled libyan leader moammar gadhafi 's sons -- saif al-islam , saadi and mohammed -- during their siege of tripoli .
" as for the other four sons , we think they are either hiding or they have run away , " said guma el-gamaty , the britain-based coordinator for libya 's transitional national council .
the latest arrest was that of mohammad gadhafi , whom the rebels claimed was being confined to his house .
" i 'm being attacked right now .
they are inside my house , " a man who identified himself as mohammed gadhafi told al jazeera in a phone call .
a barrage of gunfire was then heard and the phone cut off .
later , the head of the transitional national council told the station that mohammed gadhafi was not harmed .
another of gadhafi 's sons , saadi gadhafi , was also in custody , the rebels announced .
the international criminal court says it plans to negotiate the transfer of saif gadhafi who -- along with his father -- is wanted for crimes against humanity in connection with their attempts to put down the emerging revolt against gadhafi 's four-decade rule in february .
the third son detained is saadi gadhafi , a businessman and onetime professional soccer player .
he helped set up an april cnn interview with a woman who claimed she 'd been raped by government troops .
he later told cnn that those behind the attack should be prosecuted .
( cnn ) -- reigning world champion sebastian vettel started his 2011 formula one defense in emphatic style on sunday , leading the season-opening australian grand prix in melbourne from start to finish .
mclaren 's 2008 world champion lewis hamilton did well to finish second after damaging his car on the first corner while lotus renault 's russian driver vitaly petrov achieved his first podium finish .
fernando alonso finished fourth for ferrari , with mark webber in his red bull in fifth place .
jenson button came sixth in his mclaren .
red bull team boss christian horner said after the race his team did not use its kers power-boost system because of technical issues , underlining the scale of vettel 's victory .
following his triumph , vettel said : " it was a good race .
in the end things calmed down , lewis did n't push , but it was not an easy race .
" the start was crucial , i was on the clean side , but did n't know if it was enough until we got through the first corner .
" with lewis dropping off later in the race , there was no pressure , so i was able to control it . "
assessing the season ahead , vettel added : " it 's a long season , so we have to keep on doing what we are doing now , enjoying , but working hard . "
hamilton was satisfied with his runner-up spot , saying : " we can take this and be very proud of ourselves .
( cnn ) -- sidney frank made millions marketing jagermeister and other alcohol brands .
three years after his death , he 's a big hit with students at the ivy league college he briefly attended .
sidney frank , shown accepting an honorary degree in 2005 , gave $ 100 million to brown university .
on sunday , 49 students from low-income families became the first four-year sidney e. frank scholars to graduate from brown , owing virtually nothing except gratitude to the late liquor magnate .
" the world of difference that he made for each and every one of us is unbelievable , incredible , " one of the frank scholars , 22-year-old shane reil , said sunday .
frank -- who left brown after one year in the late 1930s because he could n't afford to stay -- gave the school a $ 100 million endowment in 2004 .
he stipulated that the fund 's income go exclusively to covering all tuition and expenses for the neediest of brown 's admitted applicants .
hear graduates say how their dreams came true » for this year 's graduates , tuition and expenses came to a four-year total of about $ 180,000 each .
the median annual income of the recipients ' families was $ 18,984 .
the gift was the largest single one ever given to brown and one of the largest ever given for undergraduate scholarships in the united states , according to the school .
reil , a history major who is preparing to co-chair a student conference on u.s.-south korean relations and aspires to work in politics or foreign service , says the scholarship was the stuff of dreams .
while bolivia and venezuela seemed supportive , 11 of the 21 countries he 's applied to , including ecuador and iceland , have said they ca n't consider his request until he shows up at one of their embassies or on their borders .
and bolivia said tuesday the plane carrying its president , evo morales , was denied permission to land for refueling in either france or portugal because of " unfounded " rumors that snowden was aboard .
foreign minister david choquehuanca told bolivian television that the jet made an emergency landing in the austrian capital of vienna and that bolivia wanted an explanation from paris and lisbon .
" we do n't know who has come up with this huge lie , " choquehuanca said , adding , " we would like to let the international community know that the rights of aerial traffic for bolivia have been violated . "
morales had been in russia , where he told the russia today news network that he would be willing to consider asylum for snowden .
and venezuelan president nicolas maduro , also in moscow for a tribute to his late predecessor , hugo chavez , said snowden deserves protection , not prosecution .
' unbowed ' snowden seeks new havens maduro said snowden 's decision to leak details of american surveillance programs were " a warning signal to the world , " according to statement from the president 's office .
( cnn ) -- a cincinnati man charged with fatally shooting his 11-year-old daughter thursday was denied a temporary release to attend the girl 's funeral .
" this is a family unit , whether we like it or not .
they 're suffering right now .
in order to start healing , it 's something they need to go through together . "
the mother , who was not identified , could not be reached for comment .
prosecutors said kelley showed up at slumber party lanza was hosting at her mother 's house in the early hours of of january 12 and argued with her mother .
kelley allegedly fired his gun into the air during the exchange , with an errant bullet striking lanza in an upstairs bedroom .
the girl , struck in the upper torso , was later pronounced dead at cincinnati children 's hospital .
prosecutors said the dispute began hours before the shooting : kelley and the victim 's mother argued because he brought a gun into the home while the girl was having a slumber party with friends .
( cnn ) -- brazil 's highest court said wednesday it does not have jurisdiction over who should have custody of a u.s.-born 9-year-old boy -- his brazilian stepfather or his father in the united states .
david goldman is seeking custody of his son , sean , who is living with relatives of his deceased mother in brazil .
the high court 's ruling sends the ongoing case back to an appeals court in rio de janeiro .
last week , judge marco aurelio , who sits on the supreme federal court , suspended a lower court ruling that custody of sean richard goldman be turned over to the u.s. consulate , which was to have then handed him over to the boy 's father , david goldman , who is a u.s. citizen .
aurelio 's decision was based on a conservative party 's petition that said the boy 's removal from brazil would cause him psychological harm .
the case now goes to the federal appeals court in rio de janeiro and does not mean the boy will return to his father without further rulings .
( rolling stone ) -- on july 25th , 1965 , bob dylan walked onstage at the newport folk festival , plugged in his 1964 sunburst fender stratocaster and tore through a scorching three-song set .
it was a crucial turning point in his career , and it quickly became rock & roll legend -- the moment when dylan transformed from a protest folkie to a rebel genius .
but the guitar dylan played on that mythic afternoon went missing for the next 47 years -- until recently , when a team of pbs researchers told new jersey resident dawn peterson that she had it in her home .
" after one flight , my father saw there were three guitars left on the plane , " she says .
last fall , peterson asked pbs 's history detectives to help verify her find .
the 1964 stratocaster came with 13 pages of typed and handwritten song lyrics tucked inside its guitar case -- but host wes cowan was skeptical at first .
" it 's so important , historically and culturally , that i could n't have imagined bob dylan would have just left it on an airplane , " he says .
in fact , dylan says that 's not what happened .
" bob has possession of the electric guitar he played at the newport folk festival in 1965 , " his attorney , orin snyder , said in a statement .
" he did own several other stratocaster guitars that were stolen from him around that time , as were some handwritten lyrics . "
since then , he 's played memorable roles , such as lt. martin castillo in " miami vice , " abraham quintanilla in the film " selena " and william adama in " battlestar galactica . "
now , in his newest role as executive producer and actor in " filly brown , " he plays lawyer named leandro who tries to help mexican-american hip-hop artist maria jose ' majo ' tonorio , aka filly brown , and her family get her mom out of jail .
the late jenni rivera plays the part of majo 's mother marã­a and lou diamond philips plays the father who takes care of majo and her younger sister .
it 's been 25 years since " stand and deliver " premiered in theaters .
teachers use ( it ) as part of their curriculum .
millions of kids see it every year .
that 's why the movie is so well seen .
it continues to be inspirational .
for decades , prosecutors say , johann ( john ) breyer had successfully eluded a dark past .
in his twilight years , the 89-year-old philadelphia man was forced to defend himself against accusations that he was more than a mere perimeter guard at the notorious auschwitz camp , where more than 1 million people , most of them jews , were killed during world war ii .
he maintained that he never persecuted anyone .
in 2003 , a u.s. court ruled that he was not responsible for joining a nazi unit because he was only 17 years old at the time .
but new evidence has emerged , u.s. and german prosecutors say , that shows breyer had to have been involved in the crimes that occurred in that place .
breyer , who has lived in the united states since the 1950s , is facing possible extradition to germany following his arrest tuesday in philadelphia , authorities said .
federal magistrate judge timothy r. rice on wednesday ordered him held without bail , pending an extradition hearing in late august .
" extradition is traditionally a very long and complicated process , " cnn legal analyst jeffrey toobin said .
" it 's always possible to fight extradition .
it just often takes a long time . "
german authorities alleged that breyer served in the nazi " death 's head guard battalion " from 1943 to 1945 at the auschwitz ii-birkenau concentration camp and at another location , according to court papers .
german authorities have charged breyer with complicity in the murder of more than 216,000 european jews from hungary , germany , and czechoslovakia , who were forcibly deported to auschwitz , in southern poland , on 158 trains between may and october 1944 , according to court documents filed in the u.s. district court for the eastern district of pennsylvania .
atlanta , georgia ( cnn ) -- health and human services ' acting secretary has appointed dr. richard besser as the interim director for the centers for disease control and prevention .
william gimson will return to his position as the cdc 's chief operating officer .
he replaces william gimson , who took over as interim cdc director at noon on january 20 .
gimson notified cdc employees that hhs acting secretary charles e. johnson had announced the appointment .
gimson replaced dr. julie gerberding , who was the head of the cdc from 2002 until two days ago .
gerberding , along with other senior officials , also resigned on january 20 , when barack obama and his administration took over .
past hhs secretary michael leavitt said that the interim directors would take over until the next hhs nominee -- former sen. tom daschle -- is confirmed and makes the permanent appointments .
gimson told employees he 's returning to his post as the cdc 's chief operating officer .
the cdc usually has a physician as its director , which gimson is not .
according to cdc sources , besser was seeing patients when he learned of his new position .
in addition to heading the cdc bioterrorism preparedness division , he is a practicing pediatrician .
hong kong , china ( cnn ) -- like that other famous environmentalist , thomas friedman began his talk at the asia society in hong kong on december 16 with a simple powerpoint slide .
thomas l. friedman has taken on a green hue with his latest book , " hot , flat and crowded " .
unlike gore , friedman is a distinctly different shade of green , a deeply pragmatic green that believes economic forces can usher in a revolution in environmental policy .
he argues that systemic change simply requires showing the world that it needs green technology and letting pure economics do the rest .
as a journalist , friedman makes no claims to having scientific expertise in climate change .
he is approaching it from a philosophical standpoint .
green capital friedman 's new book " hot , flat and crowded " is not a major departure from his previous books .
whether he 's discussing globalization or green industry , he is writing from his deep-seated belief in the markets .
he is an unabashed capitalist .
for friedman , the system works but it 's not immune to bad decision-making .
green industry like globalization will come of age if given the right market environment .
his faith in capitalism is equal to that in green technology -- for him , these are two things that are clearly reconcilable .
so how do we do this ?
in fact , he confesses it really is n't a book about the environment and energy , its a book about america .
for friedman , america is slipping down the ranks of hegemonic power and climate change is its big chance to reposition itself as a global leader .
the environment is merely an allegory for how the u.s. will achieve this revival .
eight previously unheard michael jackson songs will be released on a new album in may , epic records announced monday .
the late pop icon 's music has been " contemporized " by several producers who epic chairman l.a. reid believes have the " gravitas , depth and range to creatively engage with jackson 's work , " the announcement said .
fans can preorder the new album , titled " xscape , " on itunes starting tuesday , but it will be in stores around the world on may 13 , the company said .
jackson died at age 50 on june 25 , 2009 , while preparing for his " this is it " comeback tour .
" michael left behind some musical performances that we take great pride in presenting through the vision of music producers that he either worked directly with or expressed strong desire to work with , " reid said .
timbaland is the lead producer , with contributions from rodney jerkins , stargate , jerome " j-roc " harmon and jackson estate executor john mcclain , the release said .
timberland had previously revealed he was working on the project for epic .
jackson and jerkins co-wrote and co-produced the song " xscape , " which jerkins " contemporized " for the project , the company said .
reid " was granted unlimited access to the treasures representing four decades of material on which jackson had completed his vocals , " the announcement said .
the epic release included a quote from jackson estate co-executors john branca and john mcclain supporting the new album .
" michael was always on the cutting edge and was constantly reaching out to new producers , looking for new sounds .
these tracks , in many ways , capture that spirit .
we thank l.a. reid for his vision . "
( cnn ) -- the stench of the burnt bodies was so potent , abu jafar said , he could smell it from 2 kilometers ( 1.2 miles ) away .
" it smells awful because the regime appears to have burnt so many bodies recently , " the opposition activist said sunday from the beleaguered city of homs .
" some cars arrived this morning and carried away dead bodies .
we are not sure where . "
read more : deadly day in syria as diplomats talk jafar 's account comes a day after what may be the deadliest day yet in syria 's 21-month civil war , according to opposition figures .
lakhdar brahimi , the joint u.n.-arab league envoy , gave a dire warning sunday on the rapidly deteriorating situation in syria .
" if nearly 50,000 people have been killed in about two years , do not expect just 25,000 people to die next year -- maybe 100,000 will die , " he told reporters in cairo .
" the pace is increasing , " he said .
" a solution is still possible , but it is only getting more complicated every day , " brahimi added .
" had we dealt more carefully with this conflict in 2011 , it would have been much easier to resolve it .
there is no question that it is much harder today . "
read more : 'til death do us part : marriage destroyed by war brahimi met sunday with nabil elaraby , secretary-general of the arab league .
on saturday , brahimi met with russian foreign minister sergey lavrov .
russia and china have used their veto power in the u.n. security council to block some of the toughest resolutions proposed against the syrian regime .
( cnn ) -- charlize theron won an oscar for covering up her beauty and finding grains of sympathy , as well as revulsion , for the serial killer aileen wuornos in " monster . "
she deserves to win a second nomination for playing the sexy , unmoored , utterly reprehensible mavis gary in " young adult . "
mavis is one of those people blessed with good looks , talent and brains , but whose sense of entitlement far outstrips any civilized social boundaries .
in other words , mavis is another monster , but a monster who can pass for beautiful with only a couple of hours in the salon .
as we know ( you see it spread all over the supermarket tabloids every week ) , there 's a perverse thrill in watching one of the beautiful people fall apart .
perhaps that 's why she feels compelled to head back home when she receives an e-mail from an ex-boyfriend , buddy slade ( patrick wilson ) , announcing the birth of his first child .
figuring , very , very , wrongly , that this message must be some kind of coded cry for help , mavis hops into her mini and heads straight to mercury , minnesota , where she grew up , and where she means to reconnect with buddy and free him from his domesticated servitude .
istanbul ( cnn ) -- a turkish prosecutor has openly accused police of interfering with a high-level corruption investigation .
he spoke one day after three cabinet ministers resigned their posts , after their sons were arrested or temporarily detained in an anti-graft sting , semiofficial news agency anadolu reported .
one of them , urbanization and environment minister erdogan bayraktar , went further than the other two , not just resigning his cabinet position but also calling on prime minister recep tayyip erdogan to step down .
turkish media reported a possible second wave of detentions as imminent late wednesday , but the raids did not materialize .
akkas accused police and prosecutors of ignoring a decision of the courts by refusing to carry out more raids .
in a televised statement , chief istanbul prosecutor turan colakkadi fired back , saying that akkas had mishandled the investigation and leaked information to the press , leading to his removal from the case .
economy minister zafer caglayan and interior minister muammer guler , whose sons were also arrested in the investigation , also resigned wednesday .
the sons were detained in a roundup that included the head of a public bank , several bureaucrats and high-profile businessmen .
the roundup came after a two-year investigation by the istanbul prosecutor 's office into allegations of corruption including money laundering , gold smuggling and bribery .
( cnn ) lindsey vonn may have missed out on gold at last month 's world championships , but the american skier has set her sights on end-of-season glory after claiming a record-extending 65th world cup win on sunday .
vonn 's victory in the super-g event at garmisch-partenkirchen in germany gave her the outright lead in the speed discipline ahead of this month 's finals in france .
having finished seventh in saturday 's downhill , the 30-year-old rebounded by coming home 0.2 seconds ahead of overall world cup leader tina maze , whose coach set up the course .
" i think it was set probably against anna , " said vonn , who took bronze behind maze at last month 's world championships in colorado .
" that was a wise choice by tina 's coach .
" it 's going to be a close fight in downhill and super-g , so i will really have to ski my best at the finals in meribel .
hopefully i can get two titles , " added vonn , who is 35 points ahead of fenninger in the downhill standings .
but vonn is well off the pace in the fight for the overall crown -- which she last won in 2012 , her fourth success -- in third place almost 200 points behind the austrian .
maze is another 44 points ahead of fenninger , with just two slalom events in sweden next week before the march 16-22 finale .
( cnn ) -- real madrid duly took advantage of barcelona 's latest slip-up to return to the top of la liga after a routine 3-0 win over levante in the bernabeu sunday .
the mid-table visitors ended the match with 10 men after david navarro was sent off in the second half for a foul on cristiano ronaldo , but they were well beaten even before he saw red .
ronaldo had put real ahead after 11 minutes before defender marcelo put the home side two up just after halftime .
an own goal from nikos karabelas completed levante 's miserable evening .
the victory put carlo ancelotti 's men three points clear of city rivals atletico .
defending champions barca lost 1-0 to struggling valladolid saturday and trail by four in third place , making this month 's el clasico clash with real all the more important .
ronaldo showed his heading qualities by rising to meet angel di maria 's corner to put real ahead before benzema hit the post .
marcelo 's superlative curling effort on 49 minutes all but settled the affair before navarro , who was once banned for seven months after a notorious champions league brawl when playing for valencia , got his marching orders for the seventh time in his career .
louisville , kentucky ( cnn ) -- i 'll have another cut loose on the home stretch to run down bodemeister and earn the first kentucky derby wins for his rider and trainer saturday .
i 'll have another , with a finish of 2:01:83 , earned nearly $ 1.5 million of the $ 2.2 million purse .
jockey mario gutierrez , making his derby debut , called i 'll have another a steady competitor .
" they did n't believe ( i 'll have another ) could have made it this far , " gutierrez said .
" but even if they wanted me to pick ( any horse in the field ) , i would have stayed with him . "
the winner had 15-1 odds ; bodemeister was at 4-1 , according to the derby website .
dullahan , with 12-1 odds , also made a late run and finished third .
the 138th running was marked by a couple of other derby firsts : it was the first victory for trainer doug o'neill and the first win from the no. 19 post position with a full field .
" we had such a brilliant race . "
bob baffert , a derby stalwart and the trainer of bodemeister , said he was " really proud of the way " his horse ran .
" he just came up a little tired , " baffert told nbc afterward .
having won all three races he 's participated in this year , o'neill said he was excited for the next leg of the triple crown -- the 137th edition of the preakness , set for may 19 in baltimore .
" maryland , here we come , " he said .
" the march is like everything that we do , just a construct ... to translate the type of material that stephen and i do on " the daily show " and " colbert report , " stewart said at a q&a last night at new york 's 92nd street y. instead , the rallies are meant to satirize the political process , and the news coverage spawned from it .
" i 'm less upset about politicians than the media , " stewart , who was quoted by the hollywood reporter , said , adding that he " very much " wanted to avoid claims that his rally was a response to beck 's .
obama in command : the rolling stone interview the rally to restore sanity and march to keep fear alive will take place in washington , d.c. on october 30th .
" think of our event as woodstock , but with the nudity and drugs replaced by respectful disagreement ; the million man march , only a lot smaller , and a bit less of a sausage fest ; or the gathering of the juggalos , but instead of throwing our feces at tila tequila , we 'll be actively not throwing our feces at tila tequila , " goes a description on the rally to restore sanity site .
matt taibbi : the truth about the tea party conservative host bill o'reilly has declined stewart 's invitation to appear at his rally .
president barack obama , meanwhile , said he was " amused " by the idea .
( cnn ) -- rory mcilroy says he is desperate to get back on track in abu dhabi after a disappointing first round of the new season .
fresh from signing his new bumper multi-year deal with nike , mcilroy struggled to adapt to his new clubs and hit two double bogeys on his way to a three-over-par 75 .
playing alongside stablemate tiger woods , who finished level for the day , mcilroy failed to impress on his return to the course where he came second behind robert rock last year .
nike unveils rory mcilroy : tiger 's heir apparent but the world no. 1 says he will improve when he steps out for his second round friday .
" not playing any competitive golf for eight weeks .
i guess when you 're going out with new stuff , you 're always going to be a little bit anxious about hitting it close like you 've done on the range and today that was n't quite the case .
" i was really happy with the way the ball is in the wind .
i was really happy with the irons and the wedge play .
" i was n't very comfortable off the tee , but just because i did n't feel like i was swinging it that well . "
how player power tipped ryder cup captaincy mcilroy 's european ryder cup teammate justin rose leads the way on five-under-par alongside irish open champion jamie donaldson .
rose shot a bogey-free round of 67 but is expecting both woods and mcilroy to threaten as the competition progresses .
( cnn ) -- garth brooks is still holding out hope he can do shows in ireland despite the dublin city council saying no to two of them .
brooks told the irish promoter after the city 's approval of just three shows he would wait " to the last second " before sending his crew and gear back the the united states .
" i can not begin to tell you how badly my heart is breaking right now , " the singer wrote in a note to aiken promotions on tuesday .
brooks ' rep on wednesday provided cnn a copy of the note .
the dublin shows had been planned for croke park stadium , a football arena that can hold more than 90,000 fans , on five consecutive nights during the last week of july .
the council approved friday , saturday and sunday shows , but rejected licenses for monday and tuesday night concerts .
a measure of the demand to see brooks perform live is impressive , considering the 400,000 tickets sold represent nearly one of every 10 people in the republic of ireland 's 4.5 million population .
" i hope you understand that to play for 400,000 people would be a dream , but to tell 160,000 of those people that they are not welcome would be a nightmare , " brooks wrote .
" to do what the city manager suggests ( play three shows and not all five ) means i agree that is how people should be treated and i just ca n't agree with that . "
( cnn ) -- the williams sisters have not had it easy in recent years .
two of the modern era 's most successful women tennis players have been beset by health problems which have deprived the game of two of its most marketable stars .
serena has overcome life-threatening blood clots on both lungs , while older sibling venus is this week making her long-awaited wta tour comeback as she battles a debilitating illness that has sidelined her since last year 's u.s. open .
after pulling out of her second-round match in new york , venus revealed she had been diagnosed with sjogren 's syndrome -- an incurable condition which affects energy levels and causes pain in the joints .
after a glittering 18-year professional career which has seen her become the first black woman to be ranked world no. 1 in the open era , winning seven grand slam singles titles and 12 major doubles crowns alongside serena , williams would have been forgiven for deciding to chuck in the towel .
but , instead of eying an early retirement , the winner of three olympic gold medals set her sights on managing her illness and returning to the baseline ahead of this year 's london games .
" but , for me , it is not an option to get negative or to feel sorry for myself .
( cnn ) -- at least one person was killed when a national guard helicopter crashed in waters off san juan , puerto rico , a federal aviation administration spokeswoman said tuesday , citing preliminary information .
" the preliminary information we have ... is that the wreckage of ( the ) army national guard aircraft was found in the water near san juan , " spokeswoman diane spitaliere said in an e-mail .
the coast guard received the call to help late monday night with search and rescue efforts , said ricardo castrodad , spokesman for the coast guard in san juan .
he said three crew members and three passengers -- one guard and two civilians from puerto rico -- were on board .
the uh 72 lakota helicopter departed monday night from san juan , he said .
castrodad did not provide information on casualties but said the search for survivors was ongoing .
cnn 's mike ahlers and maria p. white contributed to this report .
adnan rashid , a prominent tehreek-e-taliban pakistan commander , was captured friday , the sources said .
sources told cnn he was taken into custody in south waziristan province and had since been moved .
in 2004 , he was sentenced to death for planning an attack on former president gen. pervez musharraf in 2003 .
he was incarcerated at bannu prison in northwest pakistan and was freed , as were 400 other inmates , when militants stormed the facility in 2012 .
rashid also wrote a controversial letter to malala yousafzai , a pakistani schoolgirl shot in the head on her way home from school in 2012 .
he told her she was targeted not because she advocated education for girls , but rather for her criticism of the militant group .
in the letter , rashid said he was writing -- not as a taliban leader -- to say he was shocked by the shooting , and to express his regret that he did not warn malala of the attack .
the letter drew criticism from people who said the taliban are known to target female students .
( cnn ) -- the f1 title race may have taken a potentially decisive twist sunday as lewis hamilton took ruthless advantage of the misfortune which befell mercedes teammate and bitter rival nico rosberg to win under the singapore floodlights and leapfrog him in the standings .
rosberg , who led by a commanding 22 points coming into the 14th round of the championship , was left stranded in the pit lane after failing to move off his second spot on the grid for the formation lap and later retired as the electrical malfunction could not be remedied .
hamilton , who has won two straight races after claiming the italian grand prix earlier this month , has taken a three-point advantage over rosberg , with five races remaining .
it was his seventh win of the season with vettel and his red bull teammate daniel ricciardo completing the podium .
ferrari 's fernando alonso and his former teammate felipe massa , now with williams , claimed fourth and fifth .
frenchman jean-eric vergne , who is set to be replaced at toro rosso by 16-year-old dutchman max verstappen next year , finished sixth , holding off a fast-finishing mexican sergio perez of force india .
kimi raikkonen in the second ferrari , nico hulkenberg for force india and mclaren 's kevin magnussen completed the points scoring on the marina bay street circuit .
( cnn ) -- david ferrer will aim to become the first spaniard to win the miami masters after beating germany 's tommy haas in an absorbing semifinal on friday .
the trophy has proved beyond the reach of three of his compatriots in the past , with rafael nadal having failed on three occasions ( 2005 , 2008 , 2011 ) to add to previous failures by carlos moya ( 2003 ) and sergi bruguera ( 1997 ) .
the third seed , who celebrates his 31st birthday on tuesday , will play either andy murray or richard gasquet in sunday 's final after recovering from a break down in the third set to win 4-6 , 6-2 , 6-3 .
the german , who slayed world no. 1 and defending champion novak djovokic in the quarterfinals , took his fine form into the clash as he powered his way to the first set in key biscayne .
losing the opener only served to focus ferrer 's concentration however and he broke haas in the sixth game of the second before repeating the feat to take the set 6-2 .
2013 has started in superb fashion for the spaniard , who can win his third title of the year on sunday -- with the australian open semifinalist having already triumphed in auckland and buenos aires .
forces arrested former president laurent gbagbo after storming his residence on monday .
gbagbo defied calls to step down after an electoral commission declared he lost a presidential election in november to alassane ouattara .
ouattara has been recognized internationally as the legitimate winner .
andris piebalgs , eu commissioner for development , announced the recovery package on tuesday .
the funding will provide support to ensure basic needs for citizens such as health , water , sanitation and to support the agricultural sector , piebalgs said in a statement .
gen. phillipe mangou , gbagbo 's former army chief of staff , said on state television that the generals were received by ouattara and given orders to take measures to restore order in the country .
al-shabaab militants launched an attack somalia 's parliament headquarters saturday , leaving at least 10 people dead and more than 11 others wounded , witnesses and officials said .
members of the parliament were among those wounded after gunmen loyal to the al qaeda-affiliated terror group stormed the facility in mogadishu , according to witnesses and official accounts .
fighters used automatic rifles , heavy machine guns and explosives in an attack that lasted more than three hours , witnesses said .
mohamed madale , a police spokesman , said security forces later secured the building after the fighters blew themselves up .
he said the security forces killed several fighters during the attack .
dahir mohamed , a police officer who witnessed the attack , said the attackers used a car filled with explosives to get into the parliament building , and killed some of the somali forces guarding the building on their way in .
smoke and flames could be seen pouring from the building as ambulances pulled up to attend to the wounded lying on the ground .
people took cover as security forces moved in , exchanging gunfire with the attackers .
ali osman , an ambulance worker at the scene , told cnn that he collected 10 bodies , including those of somali forces , civil servants and civilians who were caught in the crossfire during the attack .
he also said more than 11 others , including members of parliament , also were wounded .
a spokesman said on al-shabaab 's radio network that the group was responsible for the attack .
the former homes and libraries of presidents offer an inside look into the lives of the select few who served as the nation 's leader .
nearly 80 million visitors have toured mount vernon , george washington 's home in virginia .
from simple log cabins to expansive estates , hundreds of presidential homes and historical sites are open to the public .
visitors can read the love letters between harry truman and his wife , bess , examine hand-drawn maps by herbert hoover or eye the tintype photograph of young wife lucy that rutherford b. hayes carried with him daily on civil war battlefields and later in the white house .
as we witness a new leader take office and celebrate past commanders-in-chief on president 's day this month , cnn asked william clotworthy , author of " homes and libraries of the presidents , " to recommend five places for travelers to see a very human side of history 's presidents .
lincoln 's birthplace there 's more than split rails at the abraham lincoln birthplace national historic site in hodgenville , kentucky .
the site , run by the national park service , offers exhibits and walking tours so the visitor can experience a little of the frontier life that shaped the nation 's 16th president .
the centerpiece is the large marble and granite lincoln memorial building , which houses a small and humble log cabin .
the cabin is not actually lincoln 's birth cabin -- that has been lost to history -- but it does try to replicate as closely as possible the tiny and primitive surroundings that sheltered the future commander in chief .
hong kong , china ( cnn ) -- they are coming from cities across china , including beijing and shanghai : students are leaving mainland china for the opportunity to study in hong kong instead .
" we are a small elite who can afford freedom beyond china 's great firewall , " says " li cheng " from shanghai .
li , a student at the university of hong kong , did not want to disclose his real name or details about his study program , fearing consequences back home .
" i live in one country , but it feels like having two identities , " li said .
" in hong kong , i am taught to integrate these tools in my research . "
in the past , students such as li would have to travel to far-away countries to get around beijing 's control of information .
hong kong is nothing like mainland china in terms of its free flow of information , freedom of speech and multiparty political system .
those differences were recently emphasized by google 's row with the chinese government over censorship .
in march , google announced it was routing its users to an uncensored version of the internet search engine based in hong kong , amid speculation that google would pull out of china entirely .
china 's reaction to google 's announcement " when google redirected its site from china to hong kong , it meant a lot of publicity for our free harbor , " said david bandurski , a china analyst at the university of hong kong ( hku ) .
( cnn ) -- bp reported problems controlling the undersea well at the heart of the largest oil spill in u.s. history and won a delay in testing a critical piece of equipment in march , according to documents released sunday .
" we are in the midst of a well control situation on mc 252 # 001 and have stuck pipe .
we are bringing out equipment to begin operations to sever the drillpipe , plugback the well and bypass , " scherie douglas , a bp regulatory advisor , told the district engineer for the u.s. interior department 's minerals management service in a march 10 e-mail .
in a follow-up e-mail to the district engineer , frank patton , douglas reported the company wanted to get a plug set in the well before testing the blowout preventer , the massive device used to shut down the well in case of an emergency .
trocquet ordered bp to make sure its cement plug was set up and to verify its placement , according to his reply .
the exchange was among the documents released sunday by leaders of the house energy and commerce committee , which is looking into the disaster that killed 11 workers aboard the drilling platform deepwater horizon and uncapped a gusher that is now fouling the northern gulf of mexico .
bp has been unable to activate the well 's blowout preventer since the explosion , resulting in up to 19,000 barrels ( 798,000 gallons ) spewing into the gulf every day .
washington ( cnn ) -- a late evening meeting between president barack obama and the leaders of the house and senate failed to reach agreement wednesday on a spending plan to avert a government shutdown , but all the participants said progress was made and talks would continue .
if there is no deal by midnight friday , when the current spending authorization measure expires , parts of the government will close down .
obama called the 90-minute talks with house speaker john boehner , r-ohio , and senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , " constructive " and he said they narrowed and clarified the outstanding issues .
" i remain confident that if we 're serious about getting something done , we should be able to complete a deal and get it passed and avert a shutdown , " obama said in brief remarks to reporters .
" but it 's going to require a sufficient sense of urgency from all parties involved " to prevent a shutdown that " could have real effects on everyday americans . "
both reid and boehner told reporters in their own brief comments that the meeting made progress in narrowing their differences , and that their staffs would work through the night to try to reach further consensus .
" i have confidence we can get this done , " said reid , who criticized boehner and republicans earlier in the day for intransigence .
" we 're not there yet . "
boehner , standing next to reid , said " we do have some honest differences , " and he emphasized there was no agreement on either a specific figure for spending cuts for the rest of the current fiscal year or on policy issues that the republicans want included in the measure , such as specifically prohibiting funding for abortions .
( cnn ) -- world no. 2 novak djokovic extended his season 's winning streak to 26-0 on saturday , as he reached the serbian open clay court final after his semifinal opponent janko tipsarevic withdrew with a thigh injury .
writing on his facebook page , djokovic said : " janko had to pull out from tonight 's semi-final match because of a muscle injury .
i sincerely hope he will manage to recover for the rest of the clay court season .
the 23-year-old will be chasing his fifth title of season on sunday .
the reigning australian open champion will take an unblemished 3-0 career lead into the clash with the left-handed lopez , who is currently ranked no. 37 in the world .
the spaniard is looking forward to the challenge .
" i 've already won four matches this week .
my confidence is really high at the moment and i feel great to play against novak .
i know it 's going to be tough ; he 's been the best player this year .
del potro took one hour and 49 minutes to overcome the uruguayan breaking cuevas 's serve in the first game helping him establish an 4-2 lead when rain intervened .
new york ( cnn ) -- a new york graffiti art exhibit that drew visitors throughout the world was painted over early tuesday morning despite efforts by artists and fans to keep the popular outdoor attraction open .
the whitewashing of the renowned graffiti haven known as 5 pointz , a hulking warehouse in the long island city section of queens , appears to mark the end of legal efforts by supporters to save it and even a last-minute attempt to secure landmark status for the building .
a federal judge last week denied an injunction to stop the razing of the building by developers jerry and david wolkoff , the warehouse owners , who plan to transform the site into high-end condos .
" i 've been learning a lot in this whole battle , " jonathan cohen , aka " meres one , " the 5 pointz art curator , told cnn affiliate ny1 .
he added , " i guess i have a little less faith in the system . "
jerry wolkoff told cnn that he decided to paint over the walls now because the building will take several months to tear down , and he did n't want the artists ' work to be ruined in the process .
" i had tears in my eyes this morning when we painted over it , " wolkoff said .
" i have nothing but admiration for the work they 've done . "
graffiti artists turn abandoned luxury liner into giant canvas wolkoff said the new buildings will have a " 60-foot high wall " for the artists to paint on .
he anticipates beginning the demolition in early 2014 .
the 5 pointz is a massive canvass where " aerosol artists from around the globe paint colorful pieces on the walls of a 200,000-square-foot factory building , " according to its website .
the exhibit has been featured in several music videos and documentaries .
( cnn ) -- five somali men were convicted of plotting a hijack at sea and sentenced to five years in prison in the netherlands , in the first trial of pirates in europe , a prosecution spokesman said thursday .
the court rejected their claim that they were innocent fishermen , said wim de bruin , a spokesman for netherlands national prosecutor 's office , noting that no fishing gear was found in their boat .
the five were captured by the danish navy in january 2009 in the gulf of aden , off somalia , after a cargo ship with dutch antilles flag was attacked .
" the ship of the pirates was destroyed by the danish navy , and the pirates were captured and handed to the dutch authorities , " de bruin said .
the men are ahmed yusuf farah , 25 , jama mohamed samatar , 45 , abdirisaq abdulahi hirsi , 33 , sayid ali garaar , 39 , and osman musse farah , 32 , he said .
they had faced a maximum sentence of 9 to 12 years , he added .
the trial of the five opened in rotterdam district court on may 25 .
another suspected somali pirate is awaiting sentencing in the united states , where he pleaded guilty in may to hijacking and kidnapping .
prosecutors say abduwali abdukhadir muse led an attack on a u.s.-flagged vessel , the maersk alabama , off the coast of africa last year .
he pleaded guilty may 19 in a new york federal court to felony counts of hijacking maritime vessels , kidnapping and hostage-taking for his role in the hijacking of the maersk alabama in the indian ocean on april 8 , 2009 .
( cnn ) -- india will seek to become the no. 1 team in world cricket 's test rankings with victory in the final match of the series against sri lanka starting in mumbai on wednesday .
mahendra singh dhoni 's team will seek to overhaul both current incumbents south africa and their second-placed visitors and clinch a 2-0 victory in the series .
india will be without opener gautam gambhir , who scored centuries in the first two matches but will be absent due to his sister 's wedding .
the inexperienced murali vijay is expected to win his second test cap as his replacement .
sri lanka , meanwhile , have dropped spinner ajantha mendis as they seek to bounce back from the crushing innings defeat in kanpur and register a first victory on india soil .
the tourists will be hoping for a better showing from veteran world record-holder muttiah muralitharan , who has taken just five wickets at a cost of 396 runs in the series .
" murali is a bowler who has done so much for sri lanka and can sometimes have an off day .
that 's the way cricket goes , " captain kumar sangakkara told the cricinfo web site .
when you have that quality in the side you have to back that quality and that ability it 's no different for tomorrow .
( cnn ) ursula ward kept repeating her son 's name -- odin .
she steadied herself against the podium in the fall river , massachusetts , courtroom and occasionally paused .
she was tired after more than two years of pain , punctuated wednesday when her son 's killer , aaron hernandez , was convicted of first degree murder and sentenced to life in prison .
" odin was the backbone of the family .
odin was the man of the house .
odin was his sisters ' keeper , " ward told judge susan garsh , before garsh sentenced the former pro-football player .
lloyd was 27-years-old and working for a landscaping firm when he was killed in june 2013 .
he played football for the boston bandits , the oldest semi-pro team in boston and the winner of four championships in the new england football league , according to the team 's website .
they said he rode his bike several miles to get to work .
he went to all of his niece 's recitals .
" odin was my first best gift i ( will ) ever receive , " his mother said .
" i thank god ( for ) every second and every day of my son 's life that i spent with him .
" the day i laid my son odin to rest , " she continued , pausing to maintain her composure , " i think my heart stopped beating for a moment .
i felt like i wanted to go into that hole with my son , odin . "
paris , france ( cnn ) -- hundreds of french workers , angry about proposed layoffs at a caterpillar factory , were holding executives of the company hostage tuesday , a spokesman for the workers said .
caterpillar 's french staff say they are angry about a lack of negotiations over layoffs .
it is at least the third time this month that french workers threatened with cutbacks have blockaded managers in their offices to demand negotiations .
executives were released unharmed in both previous situations .
the latest incident started tuesday morning at the office of the construction equipment company in the southeastern city of grenoble .
the workers were angry that caterpillar had proposed cutting more than 700 jobs and would not negotiate , said nicolas benoit , a spokesman for the workers ' union .
they did not want to harm the caterpillar executives , benoit told cnn .
one hostage was released tuesday evening leaving workers with four captives inside the caterpillar building .
the released man was a human resources director identified only as mr. petit , because he has heart problems , union representative bernard patrick told cnn .
the four others still being held are nicolas polutnik , the head of operations ; two other executives ; and petit 's personal assistant , he said .
( mental floss ) -- with mother 's day just around the corner , this week seemed like a great time to give a tip of our caps to stay-at-home moms , including these four who used clever ideas to become business moguls .
gerber : of course only a mother could found such a successful baby food company !
she pointed out to her husband , daniel , that if his family 's business , the fremont canning company , could puree a tomato all day long , its equipment could probably make short work of other fruits and veggies , too .
daniel gerber realized his wife was on to something , and after a year of experimentation -- and an extensive search to find the right drawing for their label 's now-iconic " gerber baby " - the gerbers introduced their first line of baby foods , a super-yummy menu of strained peas , carrots , prunes , and spinach .
mental floss : 6 unforgettable movie mothers baby einstein : when alpharetta , georgia mom julie aigner-clark went looking for educational materials for her newborn daughter in 1996 , she found a disappointing hole in the baby market : there were n't really any educational materials to expose babies to music and the arts .
some parents would just accept whatever the market was offering .
not aigner-clark .
she shot a video for her daughter in her basement then edited it with her husband , bill , on the family computer .
she even doodled a logo for the video at her kitchen table .
( cnn ) -- chelsea 's sacking of andre villas-boas came under fire monday with former blues boss luis felipe scolari warning it will be " hell " for whoever succeeds the portuguese at stamford bridge .
" england has clubs like arsenal , where arsene wenger has been for several years , yet has won only two or three championships , " he told a news conference for his present club palmeiras .
" chelsea 's culture is very different , but this move is strange -- although it 's not so strange to me because of what i went through there .
blog : chelsea right to sack avb " villas-boas was a champion and he will continue to be .
he needed to replace at least seven or eight players , even since i was there , but he failed .
" it will be hell for whoever succeeds him . "
blog : can english clubs catch europe 's best ?
but dutch legend ruud gullit , who managed chelsea before abramovich took control , told cnn that he disagreed with scolari .
" i do not think it is ' hell ' -- i had a great time at chelsea which i still treasure , for me it was no hell . "
gullit hinted that he believed villas-boas needed to have made better use of his senior squad members .
" the older players need to help the younger players know how to play the game , you ca n't ignore them by putting them on the bench and not in the team . "
( cnn ) -- ronaldinho plundered a hat-trick as ac milan crushed 10-man siena 4-0 on sunday to close the gap on serie a leaders inter milan to just six points and with the milan derby to come next week .
the hosts started in determined mood following inter 's 2-2 draw at bari on saturday and ronaldinho took an alessandro nesta cross on his chest on three minutes before sending a spectacular overhead bicycle kick just off target .
but on 10 minutes the referee took the decision that essentially ended the game as a contest .
jardim brandao dithered on the ball in his own box and marco borriello dispossessed him before trying to go round goalkeeper gianluca curci .
there was minimal contact and borriello crumpled to the ground but the striker 's last touch had been too heavy and left him no chance of reaching the ball before a back-tracking defender .
even so , the referee pointed to the spot and showed curci a straight red card .
substitute goalkeeper gianluca pegolo 's first task was to pick the ball out of his net .
siena battled on gamely , and on 26 minutes massimo maccarone escaped three defenders on the edge of the milan box to bundle through before firing over on the stretch as thiago silva came across to put him under pressure .
two minutes later the lead was doubled as andrea pirlo curled a cross into the near post and borriello hooked a brilliant volley over his shoulder and into the top corner .
sacha baron cohen stars as a flamboyant austrian fashionista in " bruno . "
there 's a british theory that everything sounds funnier delivered with a teutonic accent .
that 's tested to the limit in sacha baron cohen 's newest provocation , " bruno , " but it 's not what comes out of his mouth that makes the austrian fashionista such a handful .
more if there 's significant skin involved -- and he 's happy to show us his wurst .
cohen seems to believe that prudery is the enemy .
certainly , bad taste is his trojan horse .
an early montage of romantic coupling , bruno-style , is enough to get tongues wagging -- or clucking in disapproval .
it 's the closest thing to gay porn most heterosexuals will see this side of " 300 . "
apparently permanently airbrushed right down to his backside , bruno looks nothing like his hirsute kazakh cousin , but the men share an ego ; they 're equally insensitive to other people and oblivious to notions of social decorum and the politically correct .
and they both invest heavily in the american dream .
bruno hungers after fame as hungrily as borat lusted for pamela anderson .
after a brief prologue in europe -- and the distressing revelation of the vacuity of the fashion scene -- he sets out for los angeles , determined to become austria 's " biggest superstar since hitler . "
perhaps inspired by another cohen creation , ali g , he sets out to make a celebrity interview show -- but sadly , the only dupes ignorant enough to participate are " american idol " judges ( paula abdul chats about her philanthropic pursuits while perched on the back of an immigrant laborer ) and presidential candidates ( take a bow , ron paul ) .
the longest-serving lawmaker in u.s. congressional history , a legendary motown artist , and the matriarch of a renowned political family will be among this year 's recipients of the nation 's highest civilian honor , the white house announced monday .
rep. john dingell , stevie wonder and ethel kennedy are three of the nineteen americans who obama will bestow the presidential medal of freedom upon later this month .
dingell has served nearly 60 years in congress representing a district outside detroit .
he 'll retire at the end of this session .
wonder has won 25 grammys and an oscar for his fusion of soul , rhythm and blues and jazz .
other honorees this year include meryl streep , the prolific actress known for holding the most oscar nominations of any actor in history .
she stars this winter in " into the woods , " the musical composed by stephen sondheim , to whom obama will also award the medal of freedom on november 24 .
tom brokaw , the former " nbc nightly news " anchor , will be honored as well , alongside actress marlo thomas , golfer charles sifford and author isabel allende .
the other medalists are scientist mildred dresselhaus ; native american activist suzan harjo ; former reps. abner mikva of illinois and patsy takemoto mink of hawaii ; and economist robert solow .
five awards will be delivered posthumously : to " freedom summer " civil rights activists james chaney , andrew goodman , and michael schwerner ; to the well-known choreographer alvin ailey , who founded the namesake dance company ; and to rep. edward roybal , the founder of the congressional hispanic caucus .
having not seen or heard from her daughter in two weeks , alexis murphy 's mother said in a cnn interview she is keeping strong with support from family and friends .
" a mother would know if her daughter is really gone , but i still have hope , " laura murphy said .
alexis murphy was last seen at a gas station earlier this month .
police have arrested a suspect in her abduction , but the suspect 's attorney told a cnn affiliate his client split ways with the 17-year-old after a drug deal .
murphy 's disappearance set off a search that extended 30 miles outside of lovingston , virginia , and involved helicopters , search parties with canine units , the nelson county sheriff 's office , virginia state police and fbi .
where is alexis murphy ?
alexis left her shipman , virginia , home to visit lynchburg on august 3 , and police have surveillance video showing her at a lovingston gas station , according to affiliate wvir-tv in charlottesville .
the attorney also told wvir his client was n't the last person to see alexis and that police need to be looking for a " black male , mid - to late-20s , cornrows and a 20-year-old burgundy caprice with 22-inch wheels . "
taylor saw the girl the night she disappeared , the lawyer said .
they were both parked at the gas pumps , and alexis made a reference to smoking marijuana , hallahan said .
taylor told her he 'd like some marijuana , the attorney said .
( cnn ) -- this was not how it was supposed to end .
the past week had been a procession -- the next few days were supposed to end in a coronation .
with the future king of england in the royal box , the man who wore the wimbledon crown so proudly allowed it to slip on centre court .
andy murray , the first british man to win the tournament in 77 years , was not just thrown out of his court , he was brushed aside by a man threatening mutiny at the top of the men 's game .
grigor dimitrov has hinted at performances like this before -- but this was the announcement his potential had always promised to deliver .
the bulgarian , 23 , for so long hailed as the heir apparent to 17-time grand slam winner roger federer , is ready to finally erase the tag which has haunted him since he first came to prominence -- that of " baby fed " .
ranked 13 in the world , dimitrov gave a performance which left nobody in doubt that he is a serious challenger for the title following a 6-1 7-6 6-2 win over the defending champion .
never before has dimitrov gone further than the second round at the all england club -- now he is just one victory away from a grand slam final .
but the signs had been there .
dimitrov , who won the queens club title - a warm-up tournament before wimbledon - has been improving with each and every match .
he will now play his first ever grand slam semifinal against novak djokovic -- the 2011 champion and the tournament 's top seed .
( cnn ) he 's a blue chip college basketball recruit .
she 's a high school freshman with down syndrome .
but all that changed thursday when trey asked ellie to be his prom date .
trey -- a star on eastern high school 's basketball team in louisville , kentucky , who 's headed to play college ball next year at ball state -- was originally going to take his girlfriend to eastern 's prom .
so why is he taking ellie instead ?
" she 's great ... she listens and she 's easy to talk to " he said .
trey made the prom-posal ( yes , that 's what they are calling invites to prom these days ) in the gym during ellie 's p.e. class .
trina helson , a teacher at eastern , alerted the school 's newspaper staff to the prom-posal and posted photos of trey and ellie on twitter that have gone viral .
she was n't surpristed by trey 's actions .
" that 's the kind of person trey is , " she said .
to help make sure she said yes , trey entered the gym armed with flowers and a poster that read " let 's party like it 's 1989 , " a reference to the latest album by taylor swift , ellie 's favorite singer .
trey also got the ok from ellie 's parents the night before via text .
they were thrilled .
" you just feel numb to those moments raising a special needs child , " said darla meredith , ellie 's mom .
( cnn ) -- he may not have started from the top of the mountain but it was still a dream downhill for patrick kueng as he skied to victory at the world cup event in wengen .
the course at the swiss alpine resort is renowned as the longest downhill course on the world cup calendar at 4.4 kilometers ( 2.12 miles ) long but high winds saturday meant the skiers had to start their runs lower down the slope .
victory still tasted sweet for switzerland 's kueng , who beat austrian hannes reichelt and norwegian aksel lund svindal with a time of one minute 32.66 seconds .
" since i was a kid , i 've been watching this race , " the 30-year-old told reporters .
" my first dream was to race it and my second dream was to win it .
i ended up in a wheelchair and my thoughts did turn to quitting .
" it was a very tough time , but when i decided to continue , it was nothing but 100 per cent .
eventually i got a world cup spot and now i 'm here ! "
keung has never represented switzerland at a winter olympics and is hoping that two world cup victories this season will be enough to book his place on the plane to the sochi games next month .
american ted ligety , a 2006 olympic gold medallist in the combined , tuned up for his next tilt at the games with a decisive victory in the super-combined in wengen friday .
( cnn ) -- authorities have made a second arrest related to a series of arsons in the coatesville , pennsylvania , area , the chester county arson task force said late thursday .
roger leon barlow is one of two people arrested in suspected arsons around coatesville , pennsylvania .
gilliam was arrested at his residence without incident , according to the task force .
gilliam is expected to have his initial appearance on friday in u.s. district court in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
roger leon barlow , 19 , of downingtown , pennsylvania , was arraigned thursday afternoon on charges that he is responsible for several of the 23 suspected arsons in and around coatesville since january 1 , said chester county district attorney joseph carroll .
among them was a spree that destroyed 15 homes in late january , his bail was set at $ 9 million .
( cnn ) -- at least one performer fell hard for sunday night 's billboard music awards .
not sure what that means ?
well , check out the top five moments from sunday night 's 2013 billboard music awards : 1 .
miguel lands on a fan the r & b singer accidentally landed on a woman in the mosh pit during a performance of his hit song " adorn . "
he was attempting a jump that went wrong .
the fan appeared to be fine and the singer kept singing .
taylor swift wins eight out of the 11 awards she was up for swift is no stranger to taking to the stage to accept accolades , and on sunday night she collected a few , including billboard artist of the year .
" my album is kind of on the ends of the intense emotional spectrum , " swift said while accepting that award .
" you ( fans ) are the longest and best relationship i have ever had . "
she also won top country artist , top billboard 200 artist , top female artist , and top digital songs artist -- the last one a tie with singer carly rae jepsen .
swift 's album " red " won in the top billboard 200 and country album categories and her single " we are never ever getting back together " collected the trophy for top country song .
justin bieber gets booed while accepting the first ever milestone award , the biebs was both cheered and jeered .
he appeared to reference the rough times he has had of late in his acceptance speech .
( cnn ) -- the threatening calls reportedly came one after the other to mexico 's main catholic seminary .
" they called several times .
cardinal norberto rivera , archbishop of mexico city , revealed at a mass this week .
" i spoke with the authorities .
we made the appropriate report .
because if not , they would kill one of us .
they wanted to extort 60,000 pesos ( $ 4,600 ) . "
reports of extortion have become increasingly common as drug cartels expand their reach in mexico .
but public denouncements of such attempts are rare .
rivera called on parishioners to report extortion to authorities , and he urged them not to pay .
in the country 's capital alone , more than 10 priests have been threatened with extortion , said the reverend hugo valdemar romero , a spokesman for the archdiocese .
the injury-hit defending champions brushed off the pre-match loss of star striker zlatan ibrahimovic to romp into a 3-0 halftime lead as they put pressure on real madrid to win sunday 's home match against villarreal .
france striker thierry henry , handed a rare start due to ibrahimovic 's absence , netted a free-kick in the 29th minute after driving a shot through the defensive wall for his first goal this year .
center-back rafael marquez marked his return from suspension with a similar effort nine minute later as he curled a set-piece over the wall and in off the post .
barca took their foot off the pedal in the second half , but 18-year-old thiago scored his first senior goal in the 84th minute with a deflected shot after lionel messi set him up with a cutback .
captain carles puyol had to go off with a facial injury but is expected to face stuttgart in the first leg of the last-16 tie .
it was guardiola 's 71st victory since taking charge of the catalan giants , and 14th-placed racing never looked like inflicting his 11th defeat -- the 10th came against atletico madrid last weekend , barca 's first in la liga this season .
( cnn ) -- a michigan teenager pleaded guilty monday in the mob beating of a 54-year-old grandfather after he inadvertently struck a child with his truck in april , according to a news release from the wayne county prosecutor 's office .
bruce wimbush , 18 , pleaded guilty to assault with intent to do great bodily harm , according to the news release .
the teen told judge james callahan that after seeing utash hit a child , he " got emotional " and his anger took over , according to cnn affiliate wdiv .
the charge was reduced by prosecutors from assault with intent to murder with the agreement that wimbush will testify in future proceedings related to the assault , the release said .
three other adult suspects are charged with attempted murder in the attack while a fourth , a juvenile , is charged with assault and ethnic intimidation .
they are scheduled to appear in court this week , according to the prosecutor 's office .
utash , the driver , was hospitalized in a coma after the attack .
he returned home in may after spending more than six weeks in a hospital and rehabilitation center , according to a " help steven utash " facebook page post .
( cnn ) -- a man apparently angry over a poor performance evaluation entered an ohio state university maintenance building early tuesday and opened fire , killing a manager before turning the gun on himself , police said .
larry wallington , 48 , a building services manager at the osu maintenance building , was pronounced dead at the scene of the 3:30 a.m. et shooting , ohio state university police chief paul denton said .
wallington was a 10-year university employee , he said .
he was transported to the ohio state university medical center , where he was dead on arrival .
police believe brown -- a probational employee since october who had received a poor performance review -- entered the building dressed in dark clothing carrying two handguns and began firing into an office suite , denton said .
officials would not say when brown received the review , who gave it to him or provide further details , citing the ongoing investigation .
a third person , henry butler , 60 , an operations shift leader , also was shot .
he was in stable condition at the osu medical center , denton said .
police earlier tuesday had said that two people were wounded and one killed and that the alleged shooter was in custody .
about a half-dozen employees were at the building when the shooting occurred , and some witnessed it , authorities said .
ohio state 's web site said the building where the shooting occurred was secured , and some traffic restrictions remained in place tuesday morning .
" the university continues normal operations , " the school said .
" classes will be held and normal work schedules are in effect . "
they both won , too , overcoming fatigue , jet lag and a change of surface .
nadal , who beat djokovic in new york to claim his 13th grand slam title , prevailed 6-0 6-0 6-4 over sergiy stakhovsky -- roger federer 's conqueror at wimbledon -- on his favored clay .
he boosted his davis cup record in singles to a near invincible 21-1 , with his lone reverse coming in his first outing against jiri novak in 2004 .
nadal had n't played in the competition since 2011 , opting to skip proceedings in 2012 even before his season was ruined by a knee injury .
" today is another victory after a long year and every victory is important , " nadal told the davis cup website .
with fernando verdasco also winning his match in madrid against ukraine , it means spain is on the verge of retaining its spot in next year 's world group following an upset loss to canada in february .
" to play with a good friend like marc will be a special feeling , first time in the davis cup , " said nadal .
canada kept on progressing in the davis cup and encountered djokovic 's serbia in its maiden semifinal friday .
but djokovic was too strong in the opener versus big-serving vasek pospisil , cruising 6-2 6-0 6-4 on clay in belgrade .
( cnn ) -- when dallas nurse nina pham left hospital after treatment for ebola last week , all she wanted to do was hug her dog .
the puppy got a third negative test for ebola , and the two are meeting after his 21-day quarantine -- the incubation period for the deadly virus .
" all three samples came back negative today , " said sana syed , the dallas city spokeswoman .
" we 're planning the big reunion for saturday -- nina is ready ! "
pham was released from the national institutes of health in maryland after undergoing treatment for the virus .
she contracted it while caring for thomas eric duncan , the first patient diagnosed in the united states .
he died on october 8 .
bentley captured hearts nationwide during news coverage of pham , which included a picture of him nuzzling her in a car .
i ca n't wait to see him on talk shows when he 's all healthy and out of here . "
but it 's not been all stool and urine tests for the pooch .
in addition to chasing after balls in his quarantine space , bentley gets visits three times a day from caretakers in hazmat suits .
( cnn ) -- look out liverpool , mario balotelli has arrived .
as famous for his larger than life demeanor as he is for his goalscoring exploits , the mercurial striker has completed his move from ac milan to the english premier league club .
he joined on a long-term deal , liverpool said on its website monday wit the fee reportedly around $ 26.5 million .
" i 'm very happy , " balotelli told the club 's official website .
" we 've been talking about coming here and now i 'm happy to be here .
" liverpool are one of the best teams here in england and the football is very good here .
" it 's a great team with young players , and that 's why i came here . "
the italian is well known to english football fans after a turbulent two-and-a-half-year stint with manchester city , where he helped the team to a first league title in 44 years while also gaining a cult following for his off-field antics .
but balotelli could be just the man liverpool needs to help spearhead its premier league and champions league challenge following the departure of last season 's top scorer luis suarez to barcelona .
" suarez 's exit left a hole in the side in terms of his goals but more than that , it also left a hole in terms of liverpool losing a player idolized by the kop , " jim boardman , writer for anfield road and the anfield wrap websites , told cnn .
" few players are idolized at anfield to the same kind of level that suarez enjoyed but balottelli is in prime position to take that crown .
( cnn ) -- the family of abdelbaset ali mohmed al megrahi has applied for a review of his conviction in a scottish court for the 1988 bombing of panam flight 103 .
al megrahi was found guilty in 2001 of the murders of the 259 passengers and crew on board the flight from london to new york , as well as those of 11 residents of the scottish town of lockerbie .
he died in 2012 in libya , having been released from prison in scotland in 2009 on compassionate grounds because he had terminal cancer .
dr. jim swire , whose 23-year-old daughter fiona was killed in the bombing , attended court to file the application on behalf of the al megrahi family , the commission said .
swire does not believe al megrahi was responsible for the bombing and is among a number of relatives of the victims who have been fighting for the evidence in the case to be re-examined in court .
al megrahi previously applied to the commission for a review of his conviction in 2003 , and his case was referred to the high court for a new appeal in 2007 , the statement said .
however , he subsequently dropped his appeal in 2009 .
the commission , a body set up to investigate potential miscarriages of justice , will now look at the new application in order to make a decision about whether to accept it or not , a process that could take months .
ruben navarrette jr. is a nationally syndicated columnist and a member of the editorial board of the san diego union-tribune .
read his column here ruben navarrette says sarah palin 's critics challenged her because of prejudices about small-town values .
san diego , california ( cnn ) -- during the presidential election , some democrats demanded to know how i could defend alaska gov. sarah palin .
simply put , palin is my people .
because i grew up in a small town with a population of less than 15,000 people , i was disgusted by the insults and condescension coming from those who think of themselves as the enlightened elite .
meanwhile , in small towns , i detected great affection for palin .
people talked about how she was " a real person " who " reflected their values . "
the most significant divide in america is n't red state vs. blue state , it 's rural vs. urban .
the country mouse and the city mouse are still slugging it out .
in 1982 , new york mayor ed koch ran unsuccessfully for governor of new york .
some say the deciding factor was when koch described life in upstate new york as " sterile " and said he dreaded living in the " small town " of albany , if elected .
that did n't play well in rural areas .
during a recent appearance on cnn 's " fareed zakaria gps , " powell attempted an autopsy on the republican party 's failed presidential bid .
( cnn ) -- country superstar alan jackson is famous alright , but that did n't help his 20-year-old daughter , alexandra , when she was arrested on wednesday .
according to metro nashville police , alexandra was charged with assault , underage consumption of alcohol , and resisting arrest during a traffic stop .
police say alexandra became " visibly irate " while the officer spoke with the driver of the vehicle , and began making demands as she got out of the car .
after being threatened with the possibility of being arrested if she did n't get back inside the car , alexandra struck the officer in his chest .
when police tried to arrest her and take her into custody , she put up enough of a fight to require the officer to call for backup .
police then warned alexandra about making or attempting to bribe an officer .
she 's next due in court on september 23 .
as of now , alan jackson 's reps have no comment .
cnn 's jane caffrey contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- when tessa thompson was a little girl , she carefully cut out clothes to dress her paper dolls , but her real dream was to own an american girl doll .
thompson never got her longed-for toy , but she got a better gift : these days the 29-year-old actress gets to go to work each day and dress like a living doll on the set of the tv period drama " copper . "
corsets , shawls , veils , a sweeping evening gown , vintage 1865 , are her reality .
she plays sara freeman , wife of dr. matthew freeman ( ato essandoh ) , who partners up with detective kevin corcoran ( tom weston-jones ) in using early forensic techniques to solve crimes in new york city .
the bbc america show returns for its second season on sunday .
bringing 19th century new york to life on " copper " the historical costumes allow the actors to embody their characters , from how they work , move and breathe in the garments to the choices in design and color their fictional counterparts might make .
" it really is n't until you put on the corset and lace up your boots that you can look in the mirror and see staring back at you what you hope to project , " thompson said .
head costumer delphine white , who has been designing for 41 years , and her talented team collaborate with the actors to create hundreds of outfits and accessories suitable for the diverse cast .
( cnn ) -- the week started with all focus on golf 's latest child prodigy , but it has ended with a former wonder kid finally fulfilling her great promise .
michelle wie claimed her first major title sunday , winning the u.s. women 's open at her 11th attempt .
now 24 , she triumphed by two shots from fellow american , stacy lewis , holding her nerve as the world no. 1 made a final-round charge .
" obviously , there are moments of doubt in there , " she continued , referring to the prospect that she might never win a major . "
( but ) i had so many people surrounding me .
they never lost faith in me .
that 's pushed me forward . "
this mental fortitude was on display as wie overcame a double-bogey at the 16th hole , bouncing back with a birdie at the next and closing with a par to sign for a level 70 .
lewis also dropped a shot at 16 , but finished with two birdies to card a four-under-par 66 that left her level for the tournament .
she finished one ahead of northern ireland 's 22-year-old stephanie meadow , who birdied her last hole to take third place in her professional debut ahead of south korea 's amy yang .
most of the talk at the start of the tournament , which was played at pinehurst -- also host of the men 's equivalent the previous week -- was on 11-year-old lucy li .
the american was the youngest qualifier to start the event , but missed the halfway cut after carding two rounds of 78 , though she impressed many with her mature attitude .
( cnn ) -- on friday morning , wojdan shaherkani will set a new olympic record .
celebrating female athletes from the arab world , a photo exhibition called " hey-ya ( let 's go ! )
: arab women in sport , " has opened in london .
brigitte lacombe took all the photographs in the exhibition .
" it 's not a star-driven project , " she told cnn 's zain verjee .
" it is our chance to see another face of the arab women -- more modern and more engaged . "
lacombe said she was astonished by the determination and the joy of all the young athletes who wanted to participate in the project .
" they understood how important it was , " she said .
commissioned by the qatar museums authority , the photos show athletes from many countries and feature olympic competitors and non-olympians alike .
" with the inclusion of the two athletes from saudi arabia in london , i think it 's about to turn the corner for women too , " lacombe said .
" a really important corner . "
the exhibition is showing at sotheby 's , london , until august 11 .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- a motorist pleaded not guilty tuesday to one count of murder and multiple other charges , three days after he allegedly drove his car into pedestrians at the famed venice beach boardwalk in california , killing an italian honeymooner .
nathan louis campbell , 38 , is charged with murder , 16 counts of assault with a deadly weapon and 17 counts of hit-and-run , said deputy district attorney gary hearnsberger .
the charges include the special allegation of use of a deadly weapon , a car .
campbell , who was being held on $ 1.48 million bail , could face a life sentence if convicted .
campbell , wearing a blue jail jumpsuit at his arraignment , was handcuffed at the waist and wrists .
when asked whether he wanted to waive his right to a speedy trial , campbell answered , " yes , sir " during the brief appearance .
police : driver ' bent on doing evil ' his court-appointed attorney , philip dube , said his client was " very distraught " over the incident , but did not deliberately strike anyone .
" i do n't believe he intentionally tried to hit anybody , based on my cursory review of the case and my discussions with the d.a. , " said dube .
los angeles superior court judge keith l. schwartz set the next hearing for september 4 .
campbell is accused of driving his 2008 dodge avenger onto the boardwalk , killing 32-year-old alice gruppioni of italy .
she suffered blunt trauma to the head and neck , according to los angeles county coroner spokesman ed winter .
eight women and eight men were hurt saturday , authorities said .
( cnn ) -- they share the same surname -- djokovic -- but for now at least , that is where the similarity ends .
novak is at the pinnacle of his sport and was the center of attention in dubai after completing in his first victory since winning the australian open in january .
at 20 , marko is four years younger , and 868 places further down the rankings -- and on monday he slumped to an opening-round defeat in front of his elder sibling .
djokovic senior was on hand to watch his brother 's elimination , at the hands of russian qualifier andrey golubev , but says that marko can make his mark in the upper echelons of the game .
del potro too strong for llodra in marseille final " he has to face the pressure of having the djokovic surname , " novak said in quotes carried by afp .
" he 's trying to fight with his mind more than with his game .
when he is able to focus on that and not on his doubts he can become a world-class player . "
he admitted it was tough to watch marko 's 6-3 6-2 reverse .
" it was difficult for me to sit courtside , " he said .
" i have not done it too much .
" at least when i 'm playing i know what 's going on .
but i was happy my brother got a wild card .
he is not at his level yet , but he 's getting there . "
as for marko , he said there were plenty of positives and negatives to being the brother of the world 's no. 1 player .
( cnn ) the mormon church has excommunicated a popular podcaster , saying his public dissents from the religion 's core beliefs have led others away from the church .
john dehlin , founder of the podcast " mormon stories , " describes himself as an " unorthodox " mormon whose church roots reach back five generations .
under tuesday 's penalty , however , dehlin may not participate in church sacraments for at least one year .
tuesday 's excommunication was announced in a letter to dehlin from brian king , the stake president , or local church leader , in north logan , utah .
king said that dehlin was not excommunicated for criticizing the church , which he has openly admitted to , but for denying core mormon doctrines .
the church has concluded that dehlin 's views on the following amount to apostasy : -- questioning the nature of god and divinity of christ ; -- calling the book of mormon and book of abraham , two central texts , fraudulent ; -- teaching that the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints , the mormon church 's official name , is not the " true church with power and authority from god . "
( cnn ) -- an alleged new case of waterboarding emerged in a massive report thursday detailing brutal cia interrogations of libyan detainees last decade before they were handed over to moammar gadhafi 's regime .
the allegations directly challenge long-standing claims by president george w. bush and his administration that only three terror suspects , none of whom were libyan , were waterboarded during interrogations .
human rights groups consider waterboarding -- in which a prisoner is restrained and water poured over his mouth and nose to produce the sensation of drowning -- a form of torture .
" while never using the phrase ' waterboarding , ' he said that after his captors put a hood over his head and strapped him onto a wooden board , ' then they start with the water pouring .
... they start to pour water to the point where you feel like you are suffocating . '
he added that ' they would n't stop until they got some kind of answer from me , ' " the report said .
laura pitter , a counterterrorism adviser for human rights watch and the author of the report , said abuses occurred in u.s.-run facilities in afghanistan between april 2003 and april 2005 .
buenos aires , argentina ( cnn ) -- a former argentinian dictator and an ex-army chief are scheduled to go on trial this week on charges of human rights abuses during the nation 's right-wing rule from 1976-83 , the government 's judicial information center said .
jorge rafael videla was among the coup leaders who overthrew then-president isabela martinez de peron in march 1976 .
he ruled as dictator until 1981 .
also scheduled to go on trial this week in a separate proceeding will be luciano benjamin menendez , former head of the third army corps .
he is accused of violating the human rights of four people .
there are 31 defendants in the two trials , the judicial information center said on its website tuesday .
another former dictator , gen. reynaldo benito bignone , was sentenced in april to 25 years in prison for kidnapping and torturing 56 people .
he ruled argentina from june 1982 until the nation 's return to democracy in december 1983 .
bignone , 82 , faces two other trials : in the abduction and disappearance of doctors and nurses at the hospital posada and of two soldiers when he was head of the military college .
up to 30,000 students , labor leaders , intellectuals and leftists who ran afoul of the dictatorship because of their political views disappeared or were held in secret jails and torture centers during the nation 's eight-year " dirty war . "
in the trials that start this week , the proceedings for menendez are slated to begin thursday in the city of mendoza .
six other defendants will go on trial with him .
the trial against former dictator videla is scheduled to start friday in cordoba .
he will be joined by 24 other defendants , the judicial information center said .
( cnn ) -- nick heidfeld has left his role as reserve driver at mercedes to become a tester for pirelli ahead of the italian company 's return to formula one as the sport 's sole tire supplier next year .
the 33-year-old german had driven in f1 for a decade but was left without a seat when bmw ended its association with the sauber team at the end of last season .
he was given a lifeline when mercedes took over the world champion brawn gp team this year , becoming back-up to returning seven-time world champion michael schumacher and nico rosberg .
" the team has always said that they would not stand in my way if such a chance arose , and they have kindly allowed me to take up this exciting new role . "
mercedes-benz motorsport vice-president haug said the move might help heidfeld find a drive for 2011 .
" it would be great to see nick in a competitive car in next year 's world championship and i am sure his leading role in the new tire development , in addition to his skills , puts him in a good position for the remaining seats in 2011 , " haug said .
( cnn ) -- when white house press secretary josh earnest said this week that president barack obama had " substantially improved the tranquillity of the global community , " many observers reacted with disbelief .
when the president refused to go to the u.s.-mexico border last week to see the crisis of young people flooding into the united states because " he 's not interested in photo ops , " lesser mortals noted he had played pool with colorado gov. john hickenlooper , dropped by a brewery to have a beer and shook hands with a man wearing a horse-head mask .
when he went to delaware on thursday and opened with a few sentences about the shooting down of a malaysian airliner in ukraine before joking about joe biden and going back to his prepared text on infrastructure , many thought he had failed to take seriously an international disaster .
they were even less impressed when he had lunch at the charcoal pit and ordered burgers and fries ( not a photo op , of course ) .
it was not until 24 hours later that he took to the podium to promise an aggressive investigation .
with the islamic state of iraq and syria causing the collapse of iraq and continued violence in syria , the syrian dictatorship consolidating its power , the iranians failing to take steps to end their nuclear weapons program and hamas firing more than 1,000 rockets at israel , the president and his team have moved decisively to brief the new york times on his passion for late-night intellectual dinners exploring physics , architecture and questions far more profound than the fate of the middle east .
( cnn ) a georgia police chief who said he accidentally shot and seriously injured his wife while the couple were sleeping in bed has resigned , the peachtree city police department said wednesday .
william mccollom stepped down as chief of police in peachtree city nearly a week after a prosecutor announced that although the new year 's day shooting appeared accidental , mccollom could eventually face a misdemeanor charge accusing him of recklessly taking a gun to bed after drinking alcohol and taking sleeping medication .
the shooting in peachtree city , an upscale community of 35,000 people south of atlanta , left margaret mccollom paralyzed below the waist .
" i have had had two families in peachtree city -- my police family and my personal family .
in light of the recent tragedy in my personal family , i need to continue to focus my time and efforts there , " william mccollom said in a message posted wednesday on the police department 's facebook page .
medics and police rushed to the mccolloms ' home early on january 1 after the chief called 911 to say he accidentally shot his wife as both were sleeping -- by inadvertently moving a gun that he had taken to bed with him .
later in the call , the operator asked mccollom , " were you asleep also when this happened ? "
" yes , " the chief , 57 at the time , replied .
last week , scott ballard , district attorney for a several-county area that includes peachtree city , said a georgia bureau of investigation probe found the following :
chicago , illinois ( cnn ) -- former illinois gov. rod blagojevich was found guilty tuesday of making false statements to the fbi , but escaped convictions on 23 other counts in a trial that is seen as at least a partial victory for blagojevich .
the former governor faced charges including racketeering , wire fraud , attempted extortion and bribery .
a two-term democrat , he was removed from office in january 2009 amid accusations that he attempted to sell the u.s. senate seat that had been occupied by barack obama before obama was elected president .
" on every charge except for one , they could not prove that i did anything wrong , " said rod blagojevich , shorty after the jury was dismissed .
" i told the truth from the very beginning . "
he added he would appeal the one conviction and thanked members of the jury for finding what they did .
the next court date in the case is set for august 26 , though prosecutors said they will try the former governor again .
the maximum penalty for making false statements is five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
conviction on the counts of wire fraud , racketeering and attempted extortion would have carried a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 250,000 , while a conviction on the count of solicitation of bribery would have had a maximum sentence of 10 years and a fine of up to $ 250,000 .
mamoni valley preserve , panama ( cnn ) -- a famed primatologist says the plight of chimpanzees helped inspire michael jackson to write the song " heal the world . "
michael jackson loved chimpanzees , said jane goodall : " they made him smile . "
but the theme and the lyrics of the song turned out to be about a better world for humanity .
" he wrote what he told me he thought was his most powerful song ever , but it did n't end up for animals , " jane goodall said in a cnn interview thursday night .
the interview comes as a new version of the song , first released on jackson 's 1991 " dangerous " album , is being recorded by a collection of artists for release in late october .
goodall became friends with jackson about 20 years ago when he invited her to his neverland ranch , where " he talked about his dreams for the place to have animals running , looking free like they would in the wild .
... it was just a very charming day , very low key , nobody else was there , " she said .
goodall , famous for her 50 years of groundbreaking research on chimpanzees in africa , said jackson invited her because " he loved what i did . "
" he loved chimpanzees , " she said .
" he loved to watch them feeding .
he liked their faces .
they made him smile . "
years later , she met jackson 's chimp , bubbles , and has visited him at his retirement refuge in florida , she said .
the 28-year-old , who inked a new five-year deal with the spanish club on sunday , completed a brilliant hat trick as real raced to a 6-1 rout against galatasaray .
ronaldo had the final say in istanbul as he danced past three defenders before blasting the ball into the net for his hat-trick .
summer signing isco had got los blancos off the mark when he picked up a long ball hit from beyond the halfway line by angel di maria and hit home after 33 minutes .
from then on it was one way traffic as karim benzema and ronaldo added two goals apiece before umut bulut pulled one back for the turkish champions .
the away victory saw the nine time european champions kick off a new era of european football under manager carlo ancelotti in some style .
a pulsating opening round of champions league group matches featured a flurry of firsts .
former barcelona boss pep guardiola safely negotiated his first match in charge of bayern munich 's title defence with an emphatic 3-0 win over cska moscow .
david alaba hit home a dipping free kick to set the germans on their way before mario mandzukic powered in a header in a dominant first half .
arjen robben volleyed in a scooped pass from alaba to tick off a first european win for guardiola and his defending champions .
( cnn ) -- the internet was made for moments like these .
clint eastwood and his empty chair did n't so much detract from mitt romney 's big moment at the last night of the republican national convention , as much as they became breakout stars in their own right .
clint retained his hollywood icon status .
those were n't the only omg moment during the final night of the rnc .
more crying " is crying becoming a ' thing ' for republicans ? "
we could n't have said it better ourselves .
one of eastwood 's most tweeted moments was his reference to crying when obama was elected .
" i just thought this is great .
everybody 's crying , oprah was crying .
i was even crying , " he said .
u.s. olympian mike eruzione got choked up speaking about carrying the world trade center flag during the 2002 opening ceremony , but it was romney talking about single rose his father would leave by his mother 's bedside every day that had most eyes welling up , including romney 's .
" mitt 's tearing up talking about his parents !
y' all i ca n't even deal with all this crying tonight , " tweeted @rsethib and then there were the weepers in the audience , some of whom managed to hold back tears long enough to tweet , like @shoshanaweissmann , " loving this !!!!!!
crying a little and so inspired !!!!!! "
homocon cnn reporter jen christensen spent time with members of the log cabin republicans who were invited to participate in the convention platform for the first time this year .
a north carolina woman , in a child custody case filing , charged that barrino carried on a year-long affair with her husband , antwaun cook , who is the father of her two young children .
paula cook alleged her husband and the " american idol " winner " have at times recorded their illicit sexual activity , " although her lawyer stopped short of explaining whether a sex video existed .
the suit was filed last week in mecklenburg county , north carolina .
" fantasia is certain that she is not responsible for the deterioration of the cook 's marriage , " manager brian dickens said in a statement to cnn monday .
barrino has said in past interviews that she was friends with a married man , but she has consistently denied there was a sexual relationship .
photos of barrino and cook together , including on a personal watercraft and also walking hand-in-hand , have circulated on the internet for months .
paula cook 's petition said her husband " frequents bars , restaurants , nightclubs and the like " with barrino .
she accused her husband of enjoying " the lavish benefits associated with the high-profile relationship . "
" ms. barrino flew defendant/husband to places such as atlanta , miami , new york , philadelphia , los angeles , and barbados " where he " attended celebrity parties , concerts , photo shoots and award shows with ms. barrino . "
( cnn ) -- country singer kevin sharp , best known for his hit " nobody knows , " has died from " complications due to cancer , " his mother said .
he was 43 .
sharp was diagnosed with cancer as a teenager .
he was treated , and the disease did not reoccur , but he had problems later in life because of the radiation and chemotherapy he underwent , elaine sharp said .
" he had a good , strong heart , " she said .
" he 's not hurting anymore . "
his website added that he died " due to ongoing complications from past stomach surgeries and digestive issues . "
according to a 1998 story from music city news , sharp -- who grew up in a large family that included a number of foster children -- was a high school athlete and participated in a sacramento , california , light-opera company .
it was during his senior year in high school that he was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer that had spread to his lungs .
the ailment led to sharp meeting producer and songwriter david foster through the make-a-wish foundation .
foster , known for his work with such artists as celine dion and michael buble , helped support sharp through years of chemotherapy and a determination to wean himself from painkillers after the cancer went into remission .
in the mid - '90s , after working at an amusement park to make ends meet , sharp landed a record deal and went to no. 1 on the country charts with " nobody knows . "
he followed that hit with a handful of others , including " she 's sure taking it well " and " if you love somebody . "
( cnn ) -- donald sterling has agreed to the sale of the los angeles clippers to former microsoft ceo steve ballmer , sterling 's attorneys told cnn on wednesday .
last week , sterling 's estranged wife , shelly , agreed to sell the franchise to ballmer for an nba record $ 2 billion .
the sterlings are co-owners of the team through a family trust .
donald sterling initially indicated he would fight the sale and filed a lawsuit against the national basketball association .
the suit has yet to be withdrawn , attorneys bobby samini and maxwell blecher , said , but that likely will happen this week .
all disputes and outstanding issues have been resolved , " samini said in a written statement .
blecher said he thought that sterling worked out a resolution with the league or with shelly sterling .
the nba was expected to issue a news release commenting on wednesday 's developments .
as of 8 p.m. et , the nba had not received a sale agreement with donald sterling 's signature , a source with detailed knowledge of the negotiations said .
the source said sterling was in a room with his two attorneys , going through the deal .
nba owners still have to approve the sale to ballmer , who has indicated he would keep the team in los angeles .
ballmer , according to forbes magazine , is worth $ 20.3 billion .
ballmer has tried to buy a nba team before .
last year , he and investor chris hansen were set to purchase the sacramento kings , but the nba nixed the deal because the duo would have moved the franchise to seattle .
washington ( cnn ) -- leading american muslims on wednesday strongly criticized this week 's planned congressional hearing into the alleged radicalization of members of their community , calling it an unfair attack on loyal citizens and a dangerous break from the traditional u.s. embrace of tolerance and pluralism .
rep. peter king , the chairman of the house homeland security committee , has said thursday 's hearing is necessary to explore the extent to which al qaeda is trying to influence and indoctrinate u.s. muslims , among other things .
but his plans have created an uproar , with critics accusing republican leaders of bigotry and comparing the hearings to sen. joseph mccarthy 's allegations of communist infiltration in the early years of the cold war .
such claims are " demonstrably false , " said nihad awad , executive director of the council on american-islamic relations ( cair ) .
" except for a tiny minority , " extremists have found " no fertile ground in america , " he said .
" we are not in denial as a community that something is going on , that there are bad actors in every community , " said imam johari abdul-malik , a member of the council of muslim organizations .
king is " onto something , but he is going in the wrong direction . "
and attorney general eric holder weighed in as well , disputing king 's premise that islamic leaders have n't done enough to help police during a news conference wednesday afternoon .
( cnn ) -- david haye claims that wladimir klitschko will " freeze like an iceberg " when the heavyweight boxing champions finally meet in hamburg on july 2 , after the date and venue was confirmed on wednesday .
" it 's great to finally find out the date and venue , " haye said on his website .
" i 've been training for this fight since the end of 2010 and it 's nice to now have a concrete date to work towards .
we 're going to have an army of brits invading germany on july 2nd and i ca n't wait to sample the atmosphere . "
haye mocks ' fat ' solis after farcical klitschko defeat the klitschko camp confirmed that the details had been finalized with a statement on their facebook page : " let 's get ready to rumble !!!
it is sad to hear his quavery confession of a career filled with steroids , his sorrow over the pain it caused his family and fans , his revelation of a life of lies that burned inside him like a hidden disease and consumed the game he loved .
but for those of us who also love baseball , the damage he did was too deep and his further threat to the integrity of the game is too great to justify his return .
mcgwire 's entire playing career is indelibly stained and his judgment is not to be trusted .
what else are we to make of a man who cheated and did n't come clean for 20 years ?
baseball should bar him from coaching and never again allow his name on a hall of fame ballot .
st. louis manager tony la russa , mcgwire 's longtime apologist , is leading the charge to rehabilitate him in his new role as the cardinals ' batting coach , saying monday 's admission and expression of regret is worthy of respect .
this from a manager who either closed his eyes to drug use on his teams , did n't know what he should have known , or kept conspiratorially silent about it through all the years with mcgwire on the oakland athletics ( along with jose canseco ) and on the cards .
paris , france ( cnn ) -- she 's been called " beautiful , " " hot " and " sexy " but when it comes to tennis , the most apt description for maria sharapova has to be " tough . "
the russian rallied from a set down three straight times to reach this year 's french open final and then prevailed in saturday 's thrilling three-hour finale against rising star simona halep , 6-4 6-7 6-4 .
" this is the toughest grand slam final i 've ever played , " sharapova , who was contesting a ninth such match , summed up as she collected her trophy .
even after losing the second set and hitting a flurry of double faults , sharapova still had the edge .
she 's almost a sure thing in third sets on clay , having triumphed 20 times in a row .
it 's been six years since the 27-year-old was defeated after capturing the first set in a clay-court match , too .
but if halep maintains this form , it wo n't be long before she opens her grand slam account .
smaller and with less power than sharapova , the romanian nonetheless almost did the unthinkable -- toughing out the now five-time grand slam champion .
( cnn ) -- michael schumacher has been one of pirelli 's biggest critics this season , but formula one 's tire supplier has backed the seven-time world champion to end his long wait for a victory at sunday 's european grand prix .
the 43-year-old , who has not finished on the podium since coming out of retirement in 2010 , told cnn that dealing with the rapidly degrading rubber this year was like " driving on raw eggs . "
schumacher did , however , top the qualifying times at another street circuit last month in monaco , but started the race sixth due to a penalty and ended up retiring early -- as he did last time out in canada .
" i think you have to look at someone like , maybe michael , getting the pole position , " hembery told f1 's official website .
" he probably would have won monaco if he had n't been penalized , so why not here ?
michael for valencia , that 's where the money should go . "
sauber chief : " f1 better than ever " schumacher , who won 91 grands prix between 1992 and 2006 , was penalized in monte carlo due to a collision with bruno senna at the spanish grand prix .
rosberg , meanwhile , is fifth on 67 points and clinched the first race win of his career in china .
( cnn ) -- springwood teenagers dean , kris , jesse , nancy and quentin are having trouble not sleeping : they 're knocking back coffee , popping pills , anything to delay another date with their dream stalker ( which may explain why these high school students look like college grads ) .
when one of them does drop off , the bedsheets turn red .
wes craven 's 1984 slumber party massacre started from scratch -- it was a low-budget item from what was then a genuine independent studio , new line -- and became the iconic horror franchise of the decade .
after eight movies , a tv series and a comic book , you might think mr. krueger had been done to death .
it 's been seven years since freddy put jason vorhees in his place ( in " freddy vs jason " ) .
but you ca n't keep a good bad guy down , and at the rate hollywood is cannibalizing its horror back catalogue , we 'll be seeing remakes of the remakes any day now .
so much so , for a while you wonder why they did n't just re-release it .
( you 'll wish they had . )
los angeles ( cnn ) -- actor jeff conaway , who was in the tv series " taxi " and the movie " grease , " died friday morning , his manager said .
conaway , 60 , suffered from pneumonia and sepsis in recent weeks and had been in a medically-induced coma in an encino , california , hospital for two weeks , manager phil brock said .
his family surrounded conaway in his hospital room thursday afternoon when he was taken off life support , brock said .
conaway 's struggle with alcohol and drug addiction was chronicled in 2008 on the tv reality show " celebrity rehab with dr. drew . "
( cnn ) -- during the white house correspondents ' dinner on saturday night , jimmy kimmel made a joke that president obama laughed at , but that you could see was just killing him inside .
" mr. president , do you remember when the country rallied around you in hopes of a better tomorrow ? "
kimmel asked .
" that was hilarious .
that was your best one yet . "
yeah it was .
but i would dare to say the thing that changed most over these past three years is obama .
hope and change are tough when the worst economy in 80 years is waiting to greet you at the door .
hope and change are challenging when rush limbaugh , the unofficial gatekeeper of the conservative movement , tells his troops " i hope obama fails " before your first day on the job .
hope and change are virtually impossible when working with a congress so dysfunctional that its approval rating never reached 25 % in all of 2011 and was as low as 10 % in february .
no wonder his hair is a bit grayer these days .
and no wonder the new obama slogan is " forward . "
lille , france ( cnn ) -- roger federer and stan wawrinka each faced questions heading into switzerland 's davis cup final in france .
for federer , how would his tender back hold up ?
for wawrinka , would he recover after a tough -- and contentious -- loss to his higher-profile swiss at the world tour finals in london last week ?
we got our answers friday at the stade pierre mauroy on a record setting day in lille -- but for once federer was n't the one rewriting the history books .
in front of the largest ever tennis crowd for a pro match -- at 27,432 it eclipsed the 27,200 that turned up to watch spain beat the u.s. in a converted seville bullring in the 2004 davis cup final -- federer not only fell to gael monfils but could n't put up much of a fight .
the 6-1 6-4 6-3 result against monfils -- who piped down his histrionics -- marked his most lopsided defeat in 45 singles matches in the competition .
" you accept the fact that you 're playing the way you feel , " federer told reporters .
i started to feel better as the match went on .
that 's very encouraging , i must say . "
also encouraging for federer and the swiss , wawrinka thumped a listless jo-wilfried tsonga 6-1 3-6 6-3 6-2 to begin the day .
federer 's performance , coupled with france 's apparent advantage in saturday 's doubles , means it 's the home team who 'll be happier come the end of play .
one of the two major titles to elude federer in his glittering career is a davis cup crown and how disappointed he must have been that on his debut in a davis cup final he was at less than full strength .
( cnn ) -- a body discovered at churchill downs on sunday , a day after the storied louisville racetrack hosted the kentucky derby , may have been the victim of a homicide , police said .
" we just got the call just prior to 5 a.m. to respond to the backside " of the racetrack , biven told cnn .
police spokeswoman alicia smiley said police suspect foul play .
about 400 people were located saturday night in the rear of the racetrack , he said .
" so we are trying to speak with as many people as we possibly can , " he said .
" we do have a few leads coming in . "
an autopsy is to be carried out monday morning .
no races are scheduled at the track for three days , but cleanup from saturday 's race was to continue and the racetrack museum was to be open , he said .
cnn 's kara devlin and christine sever contributed to this report
( cnn ) -- an attorney for a 14-year-old australian , accused of marijuana possession in indonesia , is hoping to avoid a prison sentence for his client and have the boy released to undergo drug rehabilitation .
the teen , whose name has not been publicly released , could face a minimum of four years in prison , according to bali police .
the teen has been held since his arrest last week in bali 's kuta street area .
indonesia 's drug laws are among the strictest in the world .
but they do have a provision , article 128 , under which those arrested with small amounts of drugs can be released to rehabilitation if they can prove they are an addict .
in the case of underage offenders , that requires a declaration from the youth 's parents , officials said .
mulyadi , superintendent of bali 's police drug squad , told the australian broadcasting corporation ( abc ) that the teen will be dealt with under the law applying to minors needing treatment for a drug problem .
michael tene , spokesman for indonesia 's ministry of foreign affairs , said friday that the nation 's policy on drug offenses is clear .
" i believe everybody should know by now that illegal drugs in indonesia will face a really severe penalty , " he said .
the boy 's attorney , mohammad rifan , said that he and the australian embassy are concerned about the junior high school student 's rights as a juvenile .
indeed , from the most delicate shades of blush to the boldest fuchsia , the red carpet turned pink !
the few celebrities who bucked the romantic trend , including sarah jessica parker , sandra bullock and meryl streep , chose sophisticated styles with retro vibes .
from a timeless beauty ( demi moore ) to a graceful hollywood icon ( meryl streep ) , here are the night 's fashion winners .
demi moore demi moore often chooses classic , tailored cuts , but last night she glowed in a stunning blush-toned atelier versace silk organza gown with petal-like tiers of ruffles .
she finished off this softer look with van cleef & arpels tassel earrings and diamond cuffs , a gold leather salvatore ferragamo clutch and dress-matching versace satin sandals .
diane kruger the ever-flawless diane kruger turned to her favorite designer karl lagerfeld for her cream and black chiffon gown from chanel haute couture .
both edgy and feminine , the design featured a pleated and ruffled skirt that led into a bow-bedecked mermaid train .
see more dresses from the 2010 academy awards jennifer lopez we love the way jennifer lopez commands the red carpet in dramatic dresses , and her choice this year was no exception .
yet rather than going sexy ( down-to-there versace , anyone ? )
( oprah ) -- kick back  there 's a reason they call them beach reads .
" seating arrangements " by maggie shipstead winn van meter has everything an affluent person could hope for : a devoted wife of almost 30 years , two daughters , a privileged life in connecticut , and a summer home on waskeke  a fictional island resembling nantucket .
despite his comforts , winn suffers from a typical midlife dissatisfaction : " he had almost everything he could think to want , and yet still ambivalence bleached his world to an anemic pallor . "
maggie shipstead 's " seating arrangements " is a whip-smart and engaging debut novel , set on waskeke over the course of three days .
winn 's oldest daughter , daphne , is pregnant and getting married .
his youngest daughter is lovelorn and mourning a recent abortion .
strong personalities clash as winn struggles with his long-burning attraction to one of daphne 's gorgeous and wildly flirtatious bridesmaids , agatha , as his marriage grows stale .
" he could not be sure that he had ever been in love with biddy , or with anyone for that matter , but biddy was the woman he had felt the most for . "
shipstead observes the absurdity of the upper class in winn 's trivial anxieties ; he 's incensed that he was n't invited to join an elite golf club , and he carries on a rivalry with another island couple .
this is the best kind of smart beach read : a book that expertly examines social life with heart and wit .
oprah.com : 7 books that will take you on an inner journey
( cnn ) -- it was at san francisco 's olympic club that " gentleman jim " corbett , world heavyweight champion and to many the man who took boxing from a brawl to an art , trained and coached .
twenty-two years after his death , the sports club hosted its first u.s. open golf tournament in 1955 .
ben hogan lost in a playoff to an unknown golf pro from iowa and the course was on its way to developing a reputation as the graveyard of champions .
one simple fact supports them : the last 14 majors have been won by 14 different players .
it was very different back at that first olympic u.s. open .
then , ben hogan was the man .
nine major championships under his belt and already the subject of a hollywood movie , hogan went to san francisco in search of his fifth u.s. open .
he seemed to have won it too : the tv commentator congratulated him on his victory and the broadcast went off air proclaiming hogan as u.s. open champion .
rather inconveniently , jack fleck , a pro from a municipal course in iowa , birdied 15 and 18 , forced hogan into a playoff and then -- in one of the greatest sporting upsets of all time -- beat the great man by three shots .
( cnn ) -- my fellow south africans , our beloved nelson rolihlahla mandela , the founding president of our democratic nation has departed .
he is now resting .
he is now at peace .
our nation has lost its greatest son .
although we knew that this day would come , nothing can diminish our sense of a profound and enduring loss .
his tireless struggle for freedom earned him the respect of the world .
his humility , his compassion , and his humanity earned him their love .
our thoughts and prayers are with the mandela family .
to them we owe a debt of gratitude .
our thoughts are with his wife mrs. graca machel , his former wife ms. winnie madikizela-mandela , with his children , his grand-children , his great grand-children and the entire family .
our thoughts are with the south african people who today mourn the loss of the one person who , more than any other , came to embody their sense of a common nationhood .
our thoughts are with the millions of people across the world who embraced madiba as their own , and who saw his cause as their cause .
this is the moment of our deepest sorrow .
our nation has lost its greatest son .
abidjan , ivory coast ( cnn ) -- the european union announced a recovery package of 180 million euros for the ivory coast on tuesday as residents of the african nation attempted to adjust to life with a clear leader and relative stability after months of bloodshed .
forces arrested former president laurent gbagbo after storming his residence on monday .
gbagbo defied calls to step down after an electoral commission declared he lost a presidential election in november to alassane ouattara .
ouattara has been recognized internationally as the legitimate winner .
a violent power struggle followed the standoff , with supporters loyal to both sides taking to the streets in protests since december .
hundreds have been killed , according to the united nations and the international committee of the red cross .
" we will stand by ivory coast and its people by immediately starting to work with the government of president ouattara to support him in getting the country on the right track towards reconciliation , democracy , economic recovery and sustainable development , " he said .
the funding will provide support to ensure basic needs for citizens such as health , water , sanitation and to support the agricultural sector , piebalgs said in a statement .
it also will clear the ivory coast 's debt accumulated through the european investment bank .
top military brass pledged their support to ouattara in a ceremony tuesday at a hotel in abdijan .
gen. phillipe mangou , gbagbo 's former army chief of staff , said on state television that the generals were received by ouattara and given orders to take measures to restore order in the country .
( cnn ) -- rutgers quarterback philip nelson has been dismissed from the football team , the school 's coach said tuesday .
nelson had been arrested sunday and charged in connection with an assault that apparently left isaac kolstad -- a former linebacker for minnesota state university , mankato -- in critical condition .
" the rutgers football family 's thoughts and prayers are with isaac kolstad and his family , " football coach kyle flood said , referring to the young man whom nelson is accused of assaulting .
nelson , 20 , faces one count of first-degree assault and one count of third-degree assault .
authorities in minnesota also arrested a second person in connection with the assault , a mankato , minnesota , city spokeswoman said .
trevor stenner shelley , 21 , was arrested monday afternoon .
he is charged with first - and third-degree assault .
officers found kolstad , who graduated in december , near a downtown intersection .
he was transported by ambulance to a local hospital .
kolstad , 24 , was in critical condition after suffering a severe head injury , his family said .
nelson was a recent transfer to rutgers .
a native of mankato , minnesota , he played at the university of minnesota , according to rutgers ' website .
nelson never played a down for rutgers before his dismissal .
( cnn ) -- americans snicker over the sordid details of rep. anthony weiner 's internet escapades .
but they pity his wife , huma abedin .
and she 's pregnant ?
the details just get worse and worse .
abedin and other political wives before her have been forced to face the public flogging of their husbands , heightened in this case by the technological evidence that weiner left behind and by the helpful testimony of his correspondents .
americans love to debate the role of the wronged political wife .
what will hillary clinton , jenny sanford , or newt gingrich 's wives ( pick one ) do ?
what should they do ?
actress julianna margulies was nominated for an emmy for her portrayal of " the good wife " on cbs .
will she ever leave her fictional cheating husband ?
to which author laura munson says , " stop . "
stop calling these women victims .
unless there are threats to her physical safety or financial security , only abedin decides if she is a victim .
( and she 's not talking publicly . )
when her own husband , suffering through a midlife crisis , threatened to break up their marriage to end his pain , munson chose not to play the victim .
instead she planned a summer of joy for herself and her two kids -- and her husband when he wanted to join them .
she gave him six months to work through his crisis .
how did she stop herself from pleading with him or simply dumping him just to get it over with ?
( cnn ) -- real madrid have reduced barcelona 's lead at the top of the spanish primera liga to three points after coming from behind to win 2-1 at almeria on thursday .
madrid , looking to bounce back following their defeat in " el clasico " , suffered a poor start and fell behind in the 14th minute .
kalu uche broke down the right and his low cross was met by the unmarked albert crusat at the far post .
and the home side nearly doubled their advantage just seven minutes later when domingo cisma 's free-kick was superbly saved by iker casillas .
the $ 125 million man burst past two defenders , fooled a third with one of his trademark stepovers and fird home a shot into the far corner for his 19th league goal of the season .
from then on , real were the better side .
veteran midfielder guti struck the post from the edge of the area before rafael van der vaart put the rebound wide .
and the winning goal came in the 69th minute when van der vaart collected gonzalo higuain 's pass before firing home a low shot into the bottom corner .
madrid should have added to their lead , but ronaldo was denied by goalkeeper diego alves while karim benzema and mahamadou diarra also missed good chances .
now robert lewandowski is leaving borussia dortmund for german powerhouse bayern munich .
the sought after polish international signed a five-year contract with bayern munich , bayern said on its website while calling the 25-year-old one of the " world 's top strikers . "
" we are very happy that this transfer has gone through , " bayern ceo karl-heinz rummenigge said .
" robert lewandowski is one of the world 's top strikers .
" he will not only strength our squad , but his arrival will also give the entire club a boost . "
some would say bayern hardly needs it , since it won five trophies in 2013 and is on pace to cruise to yet another bundesliga crown .
lewandowski co leads the bundesliga in scoring this campaign with 11 goals and has netted 91 times in 165 games for borussia dortmund since joining from poland 's lech poznan for a bargain basement $ 7 million in 2010 .
his goals also helped borussia dortmund reach last season 's champions league final , although bayern munich came out on top in london .
gotze 's move to bayern munich was announced last april while he still played for borussia dortmund and the german international became a highly unpopular figure among many dortmund fans -- so lewandowski might expect some jeers himself .
lewandowski 's impending departure is a further blow to dortmund .
the german champion in 2011 and 2012 -- lewandowski played a key role -- jurgen klopp 's side has slipped to a distant fourth in the league and narrowly advanced to the second round of this season 's champions league .
( cnn ) -- timothy jones jr. allegedly went on a 700-mile journey that began in south carolina with the bodies of his five young children wrapped in garbage bags in the back of his suv , authorities said wednesday .
jones , a 32-year-old computer tech and mississippi state university graduate , told neighbors last week that he was moving his children from their home near lexington to another state .
the father of five was being held wednesday in a mississippi jail in connection with the deaths of his children , ages 1 to 8 , whose bodies were dumped in alabama .
it 's still unclear how or why jones allegedly killed his children , but acting sheriff lewis mccarty of lexington county told reporters that jones drove for several days with their decomposing bodies in the back of his suv .
it is believed he killed the children at the same time , and that the crime happened in lexington county , mccarty said .
" i do n't understand why he did it but , yes , these children were in the car , deceased , in garbage bags for some period of time , " mccarty said .
when jones was picked up saturday at a police checkpoint in mississippi , he seemed " very strange , maybe somewhat disoriented , a little bit on the violent side , " mccarty said .
in the car , police later found " cleaning material , they saw blood , they saw children 's clothing but no children . "
( cnn ) -- after a difficult past year , rafael nadal is back where he feels most comfortable -- but his rivals are battling to find form ahead of the french open .
while the spaniard cruised into the quarterfinals of the monte carlo tournament he has won for the past eight seasons , world no. 1 novak djokovic again had to come from behind to earn his place while andy murray suffered a crushing defeat that will demote him to third in the rankings .
fourth seed tomas berdych and no. 5 juan martin del potro also crashed out thursday to thin out the competition for nadal as he continues his winning return to the atp tour following longterm knee problems .
his 6-2 6-4 rout of german 16th seed philipp kohlschreiber was his 16th successive victory this year following a defeat in the final of his comeback event in chile in february .
i had some uneasy moments during the past year , " nadal said after his 44th consecutive win at the clay-court event , which set up a clash with 21-year-old bulgarian gregor dimitrov .
and winning matches -- i say it every day , but winning every match is very important to me today .
every time i have the chance to go on court and play well , feel competitive , is a really good feeling . "
dimitrov is also on a roll , having followed up his opening victory over world no. 10 janko tipsarevic by beating germany 's florian mayer 6-2 6-4 .
( cnn ) -- police have made an arrest in the home invasion slaying last year of a southern california couple in their beach house , authorities said monday .
joshua graham packer , 20 , of ventura is facing charges including three counts of murder and two counts of robbery , capt. ross bonfiglio of the ventura county sheriff 's department said .
packer is accused of murdering brock husted , his wife , davina husted , and her fetus .
the husteds , who were both 42 , were stabbed to death in their seaside home in faria beach , california , on may 20 .
chief gary pentis of the ventura county sheriff 's department said it appeared the suspect targeted the victims .
" my personal opinion ?
this was not a random act , " pentis said at a news conference monday .
until the couple 's slaying , the gated community of luxury homes had not recorded a homicide in 15 years , police said .
according to investigators , the husteds were home with their two young children on the night of the slaying .
their daughter was asleep in bed , and their son was watching " american idol " in the living room .
he walked past the child who was watching television and stabbed the husteds .
davina husted was four months pregnant .
the home was not ransacked , and the alleged murder weapon was left at the scene , bonfiglio said .
a sample of packer 's dna taken after an arrest in santa barbara matched the genetic material found at the husted crime scene , said pentis the sheriff 's department chief .
seoul ( cnn ) north korean leader kim jong un is continuing to rule with an iron fist , having ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year , according to an assessment by south korean intelligence agents , a lawmaker who attended a closed briefing said .
shin kyung-min , a lawmaker with the new politics alliance for democracy , told a handful of reporters that he had been given the information by the south korean national intelligence service .
the nature of the intelligence supporting the national intelligence service allegations was also not immediately clear .
north korea is one of the most closed societies in the world .
he considers those a challenge to his authority , the intelligence officials said , according to shin .
north korean defectors share their ordeals the vice chairman of the state planning commission was executed because he objected to changing the design of a science and technology hall from a rounded shape to one resembling a flower , the intelligence officials said , according to the lawmaker .
and in march , according to the south korean lawmaker , kim executed on charges of espionage four members of the unhasu orchestra , including the general director , because of a scandal , shin said .
kim became north korea 's supreme commander in december 2011 following the death of his father , kim jong il .
according to the national intelligence service , he is reported to have executed 17 senior officials in 2012 , 10 in 2013 and 41 in 2014 .
( cnn ) -- winston churchill , glaring , resolute , combative , left hand on hip , stares straight off the page -- a moment , and an image , like no other .
( how did the photographer , yousuf karsh , get that iconic pose from churchill , britain 's prime minister , in 1941 ?
churchill told karsh that he had very little time for the session .
marilyn monroe , at her most beautiful in 1953 , leans back , wearing white slacks and a black sweater , and gazes off dreamily to her right .
somehow , even though being photographed for a national magazine , she appears supremely relaxed and right at home .
she was at home -- she knew that the photographer , alfred eisenstaedt , and the magazine , life , would do right by her , and she had invited them in .
prisoners at the buchenwald concentration camp in 1945 , their faces haunted , their bodies gaunt , their eyes showing nothing and everything , look out from behind the wire fence that imprisons them , just before they are liberated .
gen. george patton wanted the world to see why his soldiers were fighting .
patton understood that bourke-white and her magazine -- life -- were the best way for the world to witness and understand .
all these photos and hundreds more are in a book called " 75 years : the very best of life . "
it was published just before the holidays ; i bought copies for friends around the country , and all of them have told me the same thing : they are spending hours with it , looking for long minutes at individual photos , treasuring the talent of the photographers , many long dead .
researchers in aberdeen think playing wii fit may improve the elderly 's balance and lower risks of falling .
the university of aberdeen , scotland and the uk 's national health service ( nhs ) have embarked on a four month study on people over 70 to observe any changes in balance after regular use of the wii fit .
the video game has different activities including yoga poses , push ups , strength , balance and aerobic exercises .
the wii fit includes a balance board that records movements and gives feedback on performance .
dr marie fraser , a specialist registrar at woodend hospital in scotland , uk , is carrying out the research .
she told cnn : " falls are the most common cause of accidental injury in older people and the most common cause of accidental deaths in 75-year-olds and over . "
it is hoped that using the wii fit 's balance board can improve elderly people 's balance and confidence .
dr alison stewart , who devised the study said she came up with the idea while working in the osteoporosis department at the university of aberdeen , after seeing a large number of fractures in old people who had fallen .
stewart , a commercial research manager with the nhs , said she then decided to research how to improve older people 's balance .
she told cnn : " there exists a medical fitness device that improves balance , but it is expensive and i could not get the funding .
( cnn ) -- judge william adams , who made national headlines after the release of a 2004 video of him beating his then-teenage daughter , has been suspended by the texas supreme court .
adams , while not admitting guilt or wrongdoing , agreed to the suspension .
he will be paid during the suspension .
the judge 's lawyer , william dudley , said his client proposed the suspension motion with input from the state commission on judicial conduct , which is investigating the incident .
adams already was on voluntary leave , dudley said in a statement to cnn .
in a separate ruling , a texas judge ruled wednesday that adams can have supervised visitation with his younger daughter , 10 .
adams , a court-at-law judge in aransas county , was roundly criticized when his now-adult daughter posted online a video of him beating her with a belt when she was 16 .
the video also showed the judge cursing and berating hillary adams .
william adams was punishing the girl for using the internet " to acquire music and games that were unavailable for legal purchase at the time , " hillary adams wrote on the web posting .
the video is punctuated by cracks of the man 's belt and the girl 's screams and cries .
at one point in the 7 1/2 - minute video , the man says to his near-hysterical daughter , " what happened to you , hillary ?
once you were an obedient , nice little girl .
now you lie , cheat and steal . "
he yells at her , " you want to put some more computer games on ?
you want some more ? "
" are you happy ? "
he asks her .
" disobeying your parents ?
you do n't deserve to f --- ing be in this house . "
washington ( cnn ) -- the united states is watching closely to the see the ultimate fate of the most powerful man in pakistan , gen. ashfaq parvez kayani , the pakistani army 's chief of staff .
pressured by washington to crack down on terrorists at the same time he was kept in the dark about the u.s. raid to kill osama bin laden , kayani " is facing more vocal and strident criticism than he has in the past , " a senior u.s. military official told cnn .
" we really think he is coming under increased scrutiny by junior and mid-grade officers . "
criticism of kayani inside pakistan had grown in recent months as he became close to the obama administration and the pentagon .
but in the wake of the u.s. military raid into pakistan to kill bin laden , the criticism has increased from an officer corps furious that u.s. troops invaded pakistan 's territory without the pakistani military , and especially kayani , being consulted .
" mullen does consider him a friend , " said the admiral 's spokesman , capt john kirby .
" that does n't mean there are n't still disagreements .
u.s. officials are closely watching a group known as the " 11 corps commanders , " the senior pakistani generals hand-picked by kayani to command .
keeping their loyalty will be crucial for kayani to keep his job .
( cnn ) -- new zealand 's center-right national party , led by prime minister john key , won saturday 's general election with 48 % of the vote , according to a complete preliminary count .
it was followed by the labour party , which took 25 % of the vote , the green party with 10 % , and the new zealand first party with 9 % , the electoral commission said .
the national party won 61 of 121 seats in the new zealand parliament , but in his acceptance speech key said he would seek alliances with smaller parties .
" i feel humbled and energized by the prospect of a third term .
over the next few days i will talk to other political parties with the view of putting together a broader majority , " he said .
pre-election polls had put key in the lead to win a third term .
key rejected the claims .
earlier this year , dotcom founded a political party , the internet party , which teamed up with the maori nationalist mana party to contest the 2014 election .
they campaigned for a more inclusive society , greater digital rights and an end to government electronic surveillance .
atlanta ( cnn ) -- a georgia man was alone before his fatal fall from an upper level of atlanta 's turner field , police said tuesday , as they continue to investigate his death .
ronald l. homer , 30 , was attending monday night 's braves game against the phillies .
the braves said they planned to observe a moment of silence for homer before tuesday 's game .
four witnesses told officers that they saw homer fall from the fourth level of the stadium during a rain delay in the game , the atlanta police department said .
" all the witnesses stated that there was ( sic ) no other people around mr. homer when he fell , " police said , adding there were no surveillance cameras at the scene .
police said the fall appeared to be accidental but that it was too early to tell if alcohol was a factor .
homer , of nearby conyers , fell 65 feet into the players ' parking lot .
he was unconscious when emergency responders found him , but he died later at the hospital , police said .
an autopsy on homer is complete , but authorities are not releasing details , citing pending toxicology results , tami sedivy-schroder , an investigator with the fulton county medical examiner 's office , said tuesday .
results can take up to eight weeks , she said .
homer 's mother , connie homer , told cnn affiliate wxia that he was a big braves fan who was attending the game with a friend .
" i 'm just sick , " she said .
he was big-hearted . "
the 30-year-old german , who was expected to partner rookie max chilton for the 2013 campaign , had been with the team since it began as virgin back in 2010 .
glock made his debut for jordan in 2004 before going on to spend two years at toyota .
but marussia are in need of a driver who can attract sponsorship to the team , a key factor in the decision to cut ties .
domenicali : ferrari ' right ' to retain massa " i have had three excellent years with the marussia f1 team , during which i had the chance to actively participate in building and developing the team in its endeavours to succeed within the formula 1 world championship , " glock said in a statement .
" i would like to wish the team good luck in navigating this next period and thank everyone for the great times we shared and the support i have received .
" although it is not the path i expected to be taking , i am in fact very excited about what the future holds in terms of my own career and i hope to comment on that very soon . "
team principal john booth revealed that there were financial factors which led to glock 's departure following the team 's failure to hang on to 10th place in the constructors ' championship .
" timo is a fantastic driver and he has been a very popular member of the team , " he told reporters .
" he attacked me , " ronald poppo said of his assailant in a police recording obtained by the affiliate and broadcast thursday .
he chewed up my face .
he plucked out my eyes .
basically that 's all there is to say about it . "
" he apparently did n't have a good day at the beach and he -- he was coming back .
and i guess he took it out , took it out on me or something .
poppo 's statements were made and recorded during a july 19 interview with miami police .
eugene was killed by a police officer after the 18-minute attack , which was captured by on video by a surveillance camera .
it shows eugene coming across 65-year-old poppo on a sidewalk along miami 's macarthur causeway , stripping clothes off him and eventually chewing on his face .
a police official initially theorized that eugene was under the influence of " bath salts , " a drug that contains synthetic stimulants that can " cause chest pains , increased blood pressure , increased heart rate , agitation , hallucinations , extreme paranoia and delusions , " according to the national institute of drug abuse .
( cnn ) -- inside the charles manson room at the museum of death in hollywood , anne forde looks at crime scene photos from the 1969 tate-labianca murders .
" i was a kid when he was involved in these crimes , " says forde , who grew up in county cork , ireland .
" it 's just been a fascination for me ever since . "
" his eyes just stand out and look crazy , " says debbie roberts , who was visiting the museum from kentucky .
" i can see how people followed him . "
a few miles away on saturday mornings , scott michaels is hosting the " helter skelter tragical history tour . "
for $ 65 , you can buy a bus seat to see where the murders took place , as michaels tells the story of helter skelter .
" we have people from around the world that sign up , " says michaels .
" we added an additional anniversary tour , which is sold out . "
august 9 marks the 45th anniversary of the murders of sharon tate and four others on cielo drive in the benedict canyon neighborhood of los angeles .
the next night , supermarket executive leno labianca and rosemary labianca were tortured and killed inside their home near hollywood .
fast facts : manson family murders since then , charles manson , who was convicted of orchestrating the murders , has been the focus of continued fascination .
forget that chair .
better yet , sit on it .
clint eastwood is back doing what he 's supposed to be doing in " trouble with the curve , " a sentimental baseball saga that is the inverse of " moneyball " in almost every respect and shows the star 's still got what it takes to carry a movie home .
surely this is n't the curve he 's troubled about ?
but of course that 's wrong : eastwood knows best .
his character , gus , is a scout for the braves , one of the best there ever was .
but has he still got what it takes ?
not only is he computer illiterate , but the guy still reads newspapers .
things come to a head the week before the draft .
he 's sent to north carolina to check out the next big slugger .
in her childhood , he dragged her round ball fields or packed her off to boarding school without ever thinking to ask her preference , and she 's been in therapy since college .
she goes anyway .
you wo n't need 20/20 vision to see what 's coming next .
( cnn ) -- sitting in the first lady 's box listening to the president barack obama push for movement on immigration reform , cristian avila no longer had to keep his head down and live in fear of being deported .
while the president dedicated only a brief part of his state of the union address to immigration , his message went beyond his speech , and the evidence was sitting among the guests invited to join the first lady in the viewing box .
" i feel honored and excited to be here .
if it was n't for receiving my daca last summer i would n't have been able to attend the state of the union , " avila told cnn .
the 23-year-old and his siblings are just one of the many thousands of recipients of the deferred action for childhood arrivals ( daca ) .
avila was illegally brought into the united states with his younger brother and sister when he was 9 years old daca is a government program enacted in 2012 that stopped deporting some undocumented young people and instead granted them temporary work authorization and a two-year reprieve from deportation .
obama hits the road to push state of the union message the recipients have become one of the most visible groups advocating for immigration reform .
avila caught the attention of the obama administration during his 22-day fast on the national mall in support of immigration reform last november .
and , for the last two years , avila 's been working as a voter engagement coordinator for mi familia vota , a non-profit latino civic engagement program .
cairo ( cnn ) -- the recent health crisis for former egyptian ruler hosni mubarak started when he slipped in a prison bathroom , his attorney told cnn thursday .
the ousted strongman hurt his neck and developed a blood clot after the fall in tora prison , attorney farid el deeb said .
el deeb said mubarak was taken off life-support equipment and his health improved on wednesday , a day after grim and contradictory news emerged over the 84-year-old man 's health .
the state-run middle east news agency reported that he was " clinically dead . "
mubarak was transferred from tora prison to maadi military hospital .
now , el deeb said , his ailing client is out of a coma and under the care of doctors at the facility 's intensive care unit .
he said he had warned before that " the prison hospital was not equipped with well-trained nurses or personnel to assist him or proper equipment . "
the lawyer said he had n't been informed about how the latest bout of health problems started because he was in lebanon when mubarak fell sick .
( cnn ) -- five-time winner roger federer opened his u.s. open account monday with a straight sets win over santiago giraldo in new york .
despite surrendering his serve three times , the 30-year-old swiss enjoyed a relatively comfortable match against the colombian , ranked 54 in the world , winning 6-4 6-3 6-2 on the arthur ashe stadium court .
the second and third sets were more straight-forward , though the world number three will be concerned about his winners-to-unforced errors ratio -- he finished with 36 winners and 35 unforced errors .
home favorite mardy fish was ruthlessly efficient as he easily dispatched germany 's tobias kamke 6-2 6-2 6-1 .
however fellow american ryan harrison was not so fortunate .
the 19-year old lost out to big-serving croat marin cilic , 6-2 , 7-5 , 7-6 ( 8/6 ) .
seventh seed gael monfils ruined the u.s. open debut of grigor dimitrov of bulgaria with a battling 7-6 , 6-3 , 6-4 victory , while czech tomas berdych , the number nine seed , beat french qualifier romain jouan 6-2 , 7-6 ( 7/4 ) , 6-1 .
elsewhere , french 13th seed richard gasquet trounced ukrainian sergiy stakhovsky 6-4 6-4 6-0 , serbian janko tipsarevic ousted france 's augustin gensse 6-2 7-5 6-0 , while czech radek stepanek beat germany 's philipp kohlschreiber 6-4 6-1 6-3 .
sen. harry reid , 75 , is recovering at home after he broke " a number of ribs and bones in his face " when he was exercising , his office said friday in a statement .
the nevada democrat was using a piece of equipment to exercise on thursday when it broke , causing him to fall .
according to the statement , the senate democratic leader was treated and admitted overnight as a precaution at university medical center in las vegas after first being transported to st. rose dominican hospital in henderson by his security detail .
reid 's office later announced friday that reid had been discharged from the hospital .
" he spent the day with his wife , landra , talking to fellow senators , friends and staff and preparing for the senate 's return , " reid 's deputy communications director said in an emailed statement friday .
" he sends his thanks to all those who sent warm wishes and is ready to get back to work . "
related : harry reid fast facts sen. jeff flake , r-arizona , was quick to make a joke and wish his colleague well .
in october 2012 , his motorcade was involved in a multi-car accident in nevada that left him with rib and hip contusions .
he went to the hospital but was released shortly afterward .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- a massive car bomb tore through the heart of a bustling marketplace in peshawar , pakistan , wednesday , killing at least 100 people -- including many women and children -- and injuring at least 200 others , officials said .
a vehicle packed with 150 kilograms ( 330 pounds ) of explosives detonated at the meena bazaar , a labyrinth of shops popular with women .
the impact destroyed buildings , burying people underneath the rubble , and sparked massive fires in the shops , mosques , and homes .
in a year of seemingly endless militant attacks in pakistan , this was the deadliest .
those who survived described a narrow escape : " i ducked quickly and when i looked up it was complete darkness , " said imdad .
" i could n't see anyone .
the cars and the van were lying upside down . "
are you there ?
send your photos and videos to ireport fareed ullah , a student at a nearby mosque , was injured when he fell from the second floor as he tried to escape a fire ignited by the blast at the meena bazaar .
" we only saw a red blaze and nothing else , " he said from his hospital bed .
" my friends and i fell from the second floor .
we did n't know where we were . "
the remote-controlled detonation killed at least 100 people and injured as many as 200 others , hospital and government officials said .
the car bomb left a 10-foot-wide crater , and the flames spread quickly through stores selling highly flammable fabric .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- reza taghavi , an iranian-american detained for more than two years in iran , returned to the united states thursday evening .
the retired businessman from orange county , california , was released saturday .
he had been held in iran 's notorious evin prison since may 2008 on suspicion of supporting an anti-regime group .
taghavi 's lawyer , pierre-richard prosper , had been negotiating taghavi 's release since september 2009 .
saturday 's release was the product of three trips to iran , meetings with iranian officials in new york and europe , and close to 300 e-mails with iranian officials , he said .
taghavi , 71 , traveled frequently to iran to visit family and friends without incident , according to prosper .
in april 2008 , taghavi went to tehran with his wife .
before he left , he was asked by an acquaintance in los angeles named imran afar to take $ 200 for a friend in tehran " who was down on his luck , " prosper said .
los angeles has a large persian community .
he handed it over and two weeks later was detained by iranian authorities , after the recipient of the money was arrested on charges of association with an anti-regime group called tondar .
prosper said afar provided him with information he shared with the iranian government that proved that taghavi was not part of tondar , which seeks to restore the monarchy in iran .
the group claimed responsibility for the april 12 , 2008 , bombing of the hosseynieh seyed al-shohada mosque in the city of shiraz .
( cnn ) -- jurors did not reach a verdict in their first day of deliberations monday in the trial of steven hayes , the man accused of killing three members of a connecticut family in a 2007 home invasion .
they are expected to resume their work tuesday morning .
hayes , 47 , who has pleaded not guilty , is on trial in new haven , connecticut , for the murders of jennifer hawke-petit and her two daughters .
the killings took place in the new haven suburb of cheshire early july 23 , 2007 .
the home of william petit , his wife , hawke-petit , and two daughters was invaded in the middle of the night by hayes and co-defendant joshua komisarjevsky , prosecutors say .
komisarjevsky will be tried separately .
" we 're in the home stretch , " the judge said after going over all 17 counts with the jury .
" no one will hurry you to produce a verdict . "
soon after starting their deliberations , the jurors asked for a transcript of an interview by a state police detective , who spoke to hayes soon after his arrest .
" this is great news , " said mayor curt zimbelman .
this prediction from the national weather service proved a rare bright spot in what has been , and continues to be , a trying time for citizens in minot and neighboring communities .
the souris river , which locals call " the mouse " after the french translation of its name , flows through the center of minot , a city of about 36,000 .
about a third of the city 's population is under evacuation orders , while at least 3,000 homes have been flooded .
one resident , stuart dull , told cnn about how he , his wife and two children feverishly packed up their belongings ahead of the approaching waters .
" words kind of escape me , " said dull , describing his feeling after later sneaking back toward his home and seeing it under water .
" it 's a sense of despair ... and it 's maybe a check on some of the things that you hold dear . "
stuart collum said he spotted the silver chimney and black roof of his house , where he has lived since 1968 , on saturday -- with the rest of the dwelling under water .
hempstead , new york ( cnn ) -- president barack obama and republican challenger mitt romney face off tuesday in the second of their three debates , this one in a town hall-style setting in which they 'll take questions from likely voters .
here are five things to watch for on tuesday : 1 .
connecting with the audience unlike the first presidential showdown in denver two weeks ago , this debate will include a town hall audience of approximately 80 undecided voters , some of whom will get the chance to ask questions to the two candidates .
it 's a completely different dynamic than the first face-off between the president and the republican nominee .
" the challenge is that they 've got to connect , not just with the people that are looking into the television and watching them , but to the people that are on the stage with them , " the debate 's moderator , cnn chief political correspondent candy crowley , said .
get instant updates on cnn 's live blog " they have to keep those folks in mind .
it 's a much more intimate and up close adventure with voters .
the candidate that makes a connection with the person asking the question is also making a better connection with the person back at home , " added crowley , who 's also the host of cnn 's " state of the union . "
it was the first time anyone other than world no. 1 serena williams had beaten the russian on the red stuff since the 2011 french open .
" my energy level today maybe was not the best , " sharapova told reporters in rome .
" but ana played a really great match , she came out with winners from all over the court and she was the better player .
" this ca n't take anything away from the last two weeks and i 'm quite excited for the week coming up for the grand slam . "
australian open champion li na ticked off a 6-3 6-1 win over sam stosur while serena williams beat fellow american varvarato lepchenko to also advance to the last eight .
in the men 's draw , tommy haas claimed a big win over australian open champion stan wawrinka .
it was the 36-year-old german 's first top-10 win in over a year .
wawrinka , the world no. 3 , said the upset would make no difference to his preparations for this month 's french open .
" i am not focused on winning the french open , it 's so far away and there are so many players ready to win , " he said .
seoul ( cnn ) north korean leader kim jong un is continuing to rule with an iron fist , having ordered the execution of about 15 senior officials so far this year , according to an assessment by south korean intelligence agents , a lawmaker who attended a closed briefing said .
shin kyung-min , a lawmaker with the new politics alliance for democracy , told a handful of reporters that he had been given the information by the south korean national intelligence service .
cnn can not independently confirm the executions .
according to shin , intelligence officials say kim is ruling in an impromptu manner and does not countenance excuses or any views at variance with his own .
he considers those a challenge to his authority , the intelligence officials said , according to shin .
for example , a senior official with ministry of forestry was executed for expressing dissatisfaction with the country 's forestry program , the lawmaker said .
north korean defectors share their ordeals the vice chairman of the state planning commission was executed because he objected to changing the design of a science and technology hall from a rounded shape to one resembling a flower , the intelligence officials said , according to the lawmaker .
kim became north korea 's supreme commander in december 2011 following the death of his father , kim jong il .
according to the national intelligence service , he is reported to have executed 17 senior officials in 2012 , 10 in 2013 and 41 in 2014 .
( cnn ) -- a florida jury awarded a widow $ 23.6 billion in punitive damages in her lawsuit against tobacco giant r.j. reynolds tobacco company , her lawyer said .
johnson started smoking when he was 13 and died of lung cancer when he was 36 .
" if anyone saw the documents that this jury saw , i believe that person would have awarded a similar or greater verdict amount , " he said .
the verdict included more than $ 16 million in compensatory damages , the newspaper said .
nine ex-smokers on their last cigarette chestnut said five of the six jurors who heard the case were 45 or younger , which meant he had to show them how the tobacco industry presented its product before the public awareness campaigns on tobacco risks and dangers in the 1990s .
in a statement , j. jeffery raborn , vice president and assistant general counsel for r. j. reynolds , said , " the damages awarded in this case are grossly excessive and impermissible under state and constitutional law .
" we plan to file post-trial motions with the trial court promptly and are confident that the court will follow the law and not allow this runaway verdict to stand . "
this time he 's in search of a better condom .
on its grand challenges website , the bill and melinda gates foundation is offering a $ 100,000 startup grant to the person who designs " the next generation condom that significantly preserves or enhances pleasure " and promotes " regular use . "
it may sound like the setup for a joke , but the goal is deadly serious .
while researchers call condoms one of the best ways to stop the spread of hiv , the virus that causes aids , getting people to use them is another story .
the startup grant could lead to $ 1 million in further funding .
" male condoms are cheap , easy to manufacture , easy to distribute , and available globally , including in resource-poor settings , through numerous well-developed distribution channels , " the foundation says .
this creates " a trade-off that many men find unacceptable , " the foundation notes .
contraception , by the numbers in some places and cultures , condom use is often seen as a sign that a man has aids , and many women wo n't sleep with such men .
" any advance or new design that gets people to use condoms would be a big plus , " dr. anthony fauci , head of the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases and one of the world 's leading aids researchers , said in an interview with cnn .
( cnn ) -- history was made on two fronts when joao sousa beat julien benneteau to win the malaysian open .
while sousa celebrated becoming the first portuguese man to claim an atp title , benneteau was n't nearly as joyous .
he slumped to 0-9 in finals to tie the unwanted men 's record in the open era , which began in 1968 .
is he tennis ' unlucky loser ?
benneteau 's fellow frenchman , cedric pioline , and american pat dupre also lost their first nine finals , although pioline went on to triumph five times -- he was a two-time grand slam finalist -- and dupre ended his drought in hong kong in 1982 .
no man has lost his first 10 finals in the open era , said the atp .
benneteau was so close to overturning his woe in finals , too , holding a match point in the second set sunday against sousa .
he did little wrong on the point , approaching the net with a good forehand , but sousa unleashed a stunning forehand down the line .
benneteau then wasted a flurry of break points in the final set and fell 2-6 7-5 6-4 .
french sports daily l'equipe used the headline , ' benneteau , nothing new , ' when referring to his defeat on its website , and the player tweeted a picture of what looked like a beer accompanied by the words : ' to forget . '
" i tried everything today , " benneteau , 31 , told the atp 's website .
i had match point and i played the point perfectly .
the australian rapper has broken her silence about a supposed feud between herself and nicki minaj , rumors that were sparked after minaj gave a curiously pointed acceptance speech at the bet awards on sunday .
the new york-bred mc made it clear that when " you hear nicki minaj spit , nicki minaj wrote it , " leaving observers to assume that she was taking a dig at azalea , who 's been rumored to work with ghostwriters and was minaj 's competitor at the awards ceremony .
although minaj said during her acceptance speech that she was n't giving " shade " -- aka , disrespect -- it nonetheless appeared that way to many .
with the internet chomping down on the apparent beef , both minaj and azalea have tried to clear the air .
" the media puts words in my mouth all the time and this is no different .
i will always take a stance on women writing b/c i believe in us ! "
" i 've congratulated iggy on the success of ' fancy , ' publicly .
all the women nominated should b proud .
... that will never change my desire to motivate women to write .
our voices have to be heard .
i hope i inspire up & coming females to do that . "
azalea initially remained silent on the subject , but by july 3 the rapper had grown tired of the commentary .
" i have to say the general explosion of pettiness online in the last few days is hard to ignore and honestly ... lame , " azalea wrote in a statement , as captured on her instagram account .
" if i had won the bet award that would 've been great but it was n't my year and i do n't mind -- so you should n't either . "
stand by for news ! "
paul harvey gave brent burns his " big break , " giving one of his songs national exposure for the first time .
after more than 70 years on the air , harvey died saturday at the age of 90 .
his broadcasts were heard on more than 1,200 radio stations , according to his web site .
ireporters shared their memories of hearing harvey 's program through the generations and told how he affected their lives , and in some cases their careers .
" his voice was inescapable , ubiquitous and energizing , emerging from the silver radio in the kitchen , " she said .
she describes harvey 's broadcasts as a " ritual " for her grandparents .
" the voice of paul harvey would echo throughout the entire first floor , and even though i was too young to follow the stories , i knew my grandmother was listening intently , as was my grandpa from his study . "
he lost his mother in 2001 , and harvey 's death reminds him of her .
ireport.com : hargis pays tribute to harvey , his mother
moscow ( cnn ) more than 1 million historic documents have been destroyed in a fire at one of russia 's largest public libraries , according to the russian state news agency tass .
the russian emergency situations ministry says 147 firefighters struggled for 25 hours over the weekend to put out the blaze in the main library of the institute for research information on social sciences in moscow .
the russian emergency situations ministry said the fire was particularly hard to put out because of the high temperatures , narrow passageways and the risk of the building falling down .
vladimir fortov , president of the russian academy of sciences , told the russian news agency ria novosti that the fire , which destroyed 15 % of all the documents in the library , reminded him of the 1986 disaster at the chernobyl nuclear plant in ukraine .
" it 's a major loss for science .
this is the largest collection of its kind in the world , probably equivalent to the library of congress , " fortov told the agency .
" it contains material that you ca n't find anywhere else and all the social science institutions use this library .
what has happened here is reminiscent of chernobyl . "
the institute 's director , yuri pivovarov , told tass that he fears the building can not be restored .
or maroon 5 , who benefited greatly from frontman adam levine 's spot on " the voice . "
even his fellow " voice " judge , christina aguilera , cashed in on the group 's best-selling single " moves like jagger . "
but for a megawatt star like britney spears , who already experienced a comeback of sorts in 2008 with the release of " circus " not long after her fall from grace , a judging and mentoring gig on " the x factor " is n't needed to sell albums .
unlike her aforementioned reality show judge counterparts , spears joins the fox singing competition still riding the success of her seventh studio album , and her worldwide " femme fatale tour . "
even the star 's personal life appears to be more in order these days .
but the pop princess has n't exactly been accessible to her fans since she was placed in a conservatorship in 2008 .
and as stars like lady gaga and beyonce have figured out , there 's more to being a singing sensation in 2012 than meets the ear .
becoming a mainstay on a show like " the x factor , " and showing off her personality each week , could reignite the level of fame spears experienced in the early 2000s , greene added .
san francisco , california ( cnn ) -- president obama will wake up in san francisco , california , on friday amid a five-state , four-day tour aimed at propping up embattled key senate incumbents .
obama will fly to los angeles , california , to attend a fundraiser luncheon at the university of southern california for sen. barbara boxer and former gov. jerry brown , before delivering remarks at a democratic national committee rally at usc 's alumni park .
boxer has opened a slight lead against republican carly fiorina , as has brown in his effort to win his old job back in a nasty battle with republican meg whitman .
national democrats are still watching these races closely to ensure they do n't slip out of their hands .
reid is stuck in the mid-40s in most polls , despite months painting his republican opponent , tea party-friendly sharron angle , as an extremist .
on saturday , obama heads to minnesota for a rally to support former sen. mark dayton , who is running for governor .
the president also will headline a fundraiser for the democratic congressional campaign committee before heading back to the white house on saturday evening .
( cnn ) -- with walter white dead , fans everywhere are mourning , celebrating , tallying up bets and discussing what just happened .
did it tie up all loose ends ?
did the character you wanted to live survive and did the ones you wanted to die get their just deserts ?
just when it seemed walt was heading out of his new hampshire hideaway to exact revenge on elliot and gretchen schwartz ( for dismissing his involvement with gray matter technologies in the episode previous ) , he pulled the first of several surprises of the evening .
instead of threatening to kill them outright , he asks them to set up a trust fund so that his children would benefit from the money he 'd illegally amassed ( presumably the goal of his entire meth enterprise to begin with ) .
gretchen and elliott of course are terrified by his sudden appearance in their ritzy new home , but had they been paying attention , they would have seen walt waltz on in .
his entrance is a bit ironic , considering their wealth and legitimacy is in some way a result of his earlier contributions .
he 's always been there , in the shadows , whether they acknowledged him or not .
bryan cranston , man of the moment walt wants them to " make it right , " but of course , he knows he ca n't trust them to take care of his kids on a handshake alone , so he brought backup -- two " hitmen " who shine sniper-style red lights on the schwartzes to lend credibility to walt 's threat that if for any reason his children do n't receive the money , " a kind of countdown begins , " in which they would be killed .
it 's a bluff , but they do n't know that , so it 's a win-win .
( cnn ) a teen couple from kentucky was arrested sunday after two weeks on the run following a series of car and gun thefts .
the two are suspected of stealing three cars -- two with guns inside -- in various states .
they were the subjects of a search that stretched from kentucky to georgia .
" the vehicle was surrounded by law enforcement , and both hayes and phillips were taken into custody without further incident , " the sheriff 's office said .
officials are trying to get them extradited back to kentucky to face multiple felony charges .
during their time on the run , authorities described the young couple as " increasingly brazen and dangerous . "
" i know dalton , and he has a history of making bad , bad decisions , " sheriff norman chaffins said .
" i was the school resource officer before i was elected sheriff .
dalton is known to have disciplinary and defiance issues at the high school with authority . "
jim mcgrew , its owner , told cnn affiliate wave the teens took the truck out of his garage and sped down the road before crashing into a fence and fleeing on foot .
the wreck caused about $ 7,100 in damage to his truck , he said .
( cnn ) -- at times it was almost painful to watch .
at one end of the court the world 's no. 1 female tennis star playing well within herself ; at the other her sister , a long way away from regaining that form and status .
" venus has had a great week , and honestly , if she had n't had to play so many matches , it would have been a much tougher match , " serena williams said after comfortably beating her older sibling on saturday to reach the final of the family circle cup in charleston .
the 31-year-old was slightly overstating the rigors of the competition in south carolina , a tournament that heralded the formation of the women 's tour back in 1973 but has this week attracted just two of the world 's top-10 players .
serena is one , and the other -- 10th-ranked caroline wozniacki -- crashed out in the quarterfinals on friday against swiss no. 63 stefanie vogele .
both williams sisters won two matches on friday to set up their first meeting since 2009 , but it was defending champion serena who looked the least affected as she won 6-1 6-2 in just 54 minutes .
" but you will never get that out of her .
and quite frankly , three matches for her is much tougher than three matches for me .
it 's definitely not easy -- because i 'm struggling , and i ca n't imagine what she must be feeling . "
amy winehouse 's husband was recently jailed for 27 months .
tracey miller said she could not say what medication was involved .
a statement from university college hospital said winehouse had been kept in overnight for observation .
she had a comfortable night and was released tuesday morning , the statement said .
london ambulance service said it transported the singer after being notified of " an adult female taken unwell . "
winehouse 's spokesman in london , chris goodman , told the british press association that he had not been told what was wrong with the 24-year-old singer , who is well known for her song " rehab , " describing the singer 's reluctance to enter a clinic .
the pop singer was investigated this year after a london tabloid made public a leaked home video that showed her smoking something in a glass pipe minutes after she was heard saying she had just taken six tablets of the anti-anxiety drug valium .
police declined to file charges .
the singer has battled drug addiction and spent about two weeks in a rehabilitation clinic in january .
winehouse won five grammy awards this year -- three for " rehab " as well as album of the year and best new artist .
madame toussaud 's london wax museum recently unveiled a wax statue of winehouse alongside madonna , jimi hendrix , the beatles , justin timberlake , beyonce and other musicians in the museum 's " music zone " exhibit .
( cnn ) emile hirsch should have probably stuck to screening movies at sundance .
the " lone survivor " actor is being charged with felony aggravated assault and intoxication , prosecuting attorney ryan stack of the summit county ( utah ) attorney 's office said thursday .
legal papers allege that hirsch had a verbal and physical altercation with daniele bernfeld -- a paramount executive -- at tao nightclub in park city during the 2015 sundance film festival in january .
the early morning altercation reportedly involved hirsch putting bernfeld into a chokehold so forceful that she " could n't breathe " and caused her to black out .
two bystanders pulled hirsch off of bernfeld before police arrived .
some " redness " was seen around bernfeld 's neck , according to authorities .
the incident happened after hirsch allegedly confronted bernfeld , calling her a " rich kid " and questioning why she looked " so tough . "
hirsch reportedly admitted to being in a verbal confrontation with bernfeld and that he had consumed three to four drinks that evening .
he also claimed that he did not know bernfeld personally .
that 's not quite the same story he 's sharing now .
according to hirsch 's lawyer robert offer , he consumed an " enormous amount of alcohol that night " and has since checked himself into an alcohol rehabilitation facility , where he currently remains .
offer says hirsch has no memory of what happened at the time of the allegations but is " devastated " over the incident .
hirsch was at sundance for the premiere of " ten thousands saints , " in which he stars with ethan hawke .
a paramount representative has yet to respond to messages seeking comment .
tao declined to comment .
( rollingstone.com ) -- like many authors , courtney love is a victim of writer 's block .
for over a year , the hole singer has been penning a memoir with rolling stone writer anthony bozza .
" the girl with the most cake " was originally supposed to hit bookshelves in december 2013 before being pushed back to early-2014 .
three-quarters of the way through the year and love 's memoir is still nowhere on the release schedule , and as the singer tells paper , do n't expect to be reading her life story anytime soon .
" i never wanted to write a book in my entire life .
it just sort of happened .
and i have a co-writer , but it 's just not working . "
while love originally told rolling stone the book would cover her life up until 2008 , she 's since subtracted a few years from the tome .
" what happens from 2006 on in the book is my personal business .
i 've been discreet from that time on , and i want to keep it that way , " love said .
for urban treuil , there 's no escaping the misery .
because of hurricane isaac , treuil 's home in braithwaite , louisiana , is ruined by floodwaters .
so , too , is the gas station and convenience store he owned and ran in the community , 15 miles by car and 10 miles as the crow flies from new orleans .
but all that pales to what treuil , the fire chief for braithwaite and woodlawn in plaquemines parish , saw when he and fellow volunteer firefighters steered their boat up to the home of a couple he knew .
inside , they found the pair floating in the kitchen , the first of at least three fatalities in louisiana being blamed on isaac .
" it 's not something i want to see , and i hope it 's the last ones we do see , " said an exhausted treuil on friday , a day after he pulled the couple from the home .
in terms of total deaths , isaac does n't compare to hurricane katrina , which led to nearly 1,800 fatalities in new orleans and the vicinity seven years ago .
do n't tell that , though , to the thousands of residents in st. tammany , ascension , plaquemines and other parishes who friday found their homes and hometowns still deluged .
even with a few drops of drizzle falling all day and with levels down considerably from the previous day , waters were still 10 feet deep in spots .
" this is unbelievable .
deja vu , man , " billy nungesser , president of plaquemines parish said thursday as he surveyed the town of ironton , inundated by floodwater and sludge .
" there is more water here than katrina . "
( cnn ) -- in most of the country , employers can force pregnant workers out of the workplace when their pregnancy interferes with their normal job duties .
heather wiseman , a retail sales associate , lost her job because consuming water while working , an activity necessary to maintain a healthy pregnancy , violated store policy .
victoria serednyj , a nursing home activity director , lost her job because her pregnancy interfered with her ability to lift heavy tables .
her employer terminated her employment even though lifting tables " took up a small part , roughly five to 10 minutes " of her day and her co-workers volunteered to perform this task .
workers covered by the americans with disabilities act , by contrast , can continue working despite their physical limitations .
the americans with disabilities amendments act of 2008 broadened the ada to include many short-term and relatively minor physical conditions .
pregnant women who experience comparable physical limitations should also have the opportunity to receive accommodations that will enable them to continue working .
according to eeoc regulations issued in 2011 , the amended ada requires employers to accommodate persons who experience " shortness of breath and fatigue when walking distances that most people could walk without experiencing such effects . "
it also requires employers to accommodate persons with back injuries resulting in a " 20-pound lifting restriction that lasts or is expected to last for several months . "
to date , courts have balked at including pregnancy within the americans with disabilities act .
they 've reasoned the physical limitations accompanying pregnancy are too short-term and minor to qualify as disabilities .
las vegas ( cnn ) -- declaring victory in nevada 's republican presidential caucuses on saturday , mitt romney again turned away from his gop rivals and toward president barack obama .
cnn projects that romney will win the nevada republican presidential caucuses , based on results and entrance polling .
with 71 % of the votes counted , romney held about 48 % of the vote , while former house speaker newt gingrich had 23 % and rep. ron paul had 18 % .
former pennsylvania sen. rick santorum , who had largely bypassed the state , had 11 % of the vote .
those numbers were gathered from vote counters at caucus sites across the state and the state 's republican party .
see full nevada results romney thanked supporters at his campaign headquarters in las vegas , telling them , " this is n't the first time you gave me your vote of confidence , but this time i 'm going to take it to the white house , " alluding to his win in nevada in 2008 .
but then he turned his attention to obama , saying nevada has had enough of his kind of help in fixing its home mortgage crisis and that he failed at bringing down unemployment .
entering the race as front-runner , romney had largely ignored his republican rivals and focused on obama .
but as gingrich rose to challenge him in polls , he was forced to address the other candidates in the race .
his victory speech was a one-on-one with obama .
the only allusion to gop opponents romney made was when he told supporters that he was the only one who could fix the economy , " unlike other people running for president . "
as his case meanders through the bolivian justice system , an american businessman imprisoned there for a year without formal charges is finding support from a leading human rights advocate in the u.s. congress .
jacob ostreicher , a 53-year-old flooring contractor from brooklyn , new york , has been held at the notorious palmasola prison in santa cruz , bolivia , since june 2011 on suspicions of money laundering .
ostreicher and his family have claimed from the beginning that he is innocent , and presented a judge what they say is evidence that all of the money invested in a rice growing operation came from legal sources .
but repeated delays have kept him imprisoned .
the case is now getting more attention in washington , as u.s. rep. chris smith , a new jersey republican , has become a vocal advocate for him .
at that hearing , the judge transferred the case to a higher court , a move likely to create further delays .
there is no evidence offered against him .
the rule of law must prevail in bolivia .
innocent people must have a path to justice .
he must be released . "
ostreicher is nearly two months into a hunger strike to protest his imprisonment .
smith reported that ostreicher appeared " frail and anguished . "
the lawmaker 's trip follows a hearing last week before the subcommittee on africa , global health and human rights , which smith chairs .
( cnn ) -- the mother of a 25-year-old woman killed in a boston hotel more than a week ago said friday that she will remain haunted by her daughter 's death for the rest of her life .
the mother of julissa brisman says she remains haunted by her daughter 's death .
" our family has been devastated by the loss of our beautiful daughter , julissa , " carmen guzman said in a statement released friday , which would have been julissa brisman 's 26th birthday .
" the feeling of losing my daughter in this way and the pain she must have felt will haunt me for the rest of my life , " guzman said .
" she wo n't live to see her dreams .
we will hold julissa in our hearts every day . "
philip markoff , 23 , a second-year student at boston university 's school of medicine , is charged with killing brisman on april 14 at boston 's copley marriott hotel .
police have said that brisman , a model from new york , advertised as a masseuse on the online classifieds web site craigslist .
they say markoff may have met her through the online site .
prosecutors say brisman sustained blunt head trauma , and said she was shot three times at close range .
one of the bullets passed through her heart , killing her , prosecutors said .
he has his family 's support .
all i have at the moment are words -- no proof of anything . "
( cnn ) -- when barack obama was elected u.s. president he probably did not realize it would give him a chance to pick up tips on his backswing from the world 's elite golfers .
u.s. president barack obama and vice president joe biden make use of the white house putting green .
as a golf enthusiast , and keen amateur player , the president will get the chance to pick the brains of tiger woods , phil mickelson , ernie els and vijay singh on how to improve his game .
living golf 's gallery of presidential putters . »
eisenhower 's solution ?
in 1954 he had a putting green installed at the white house a short stroll from the oval office to enable him to practice while at work which was regularly used by subsequent presidents and still exists to this day .
the former five-star general was also a member at the augusta national golf club where a overhanging tree on the 17th hole proved such an obstacle to the leader that it was dubbed the " eisenhower tree . "
( cnn ) -- dharun ravi , the former rutgers university student who was found guilty of using a webcam to spy on and intimidate his gay roommate , has reported to a new jersey jail thursday where he will serve a 30-day sentence , according to middlesex county sheriff mildred scott .
is 30-day sentence fair ?
a day earlier , ravi apologized for spying on his roommate , tyler clementi , with a webcam .
" i accept responsibility for and regret my thoughtless , insensitive , immature , stupid and childish choices that i made on september 19 , 2010 , and september 21 , 2010 , " ravi said in a statement wednesday .
clementi , 18 , killed himself by jumping off new york 's george washington bridge into the hudson river after learning ravi had secretly recorded his intimate encounter with another man .
berman defended the jail sentence wednesday , cnn affiliate wabc reported .
" i do n't believe that fits this case .
i believe that he has to be punished and he will be . "
( cnn ) -- the pga tour has been littered with surprise winners in 2014 .
could australia 's steven bowditch be added to the list ?
bowditch , the 339th-ranked golfer in the world , held the clubhouse lead deep into the second round of the valero texas open .
the australian has only finished in the top three once at a pga tour event -- he tied for second last year at the greenbrier classic -- and missed the cut at half of his pga tournaments in the 2013 season .
but the story is n't as simple as that : bowditch has spoken publicly about his battle with depression and once tried to commit suicide .
after finishing his first round earlier friday -- fog had delayed play thursday -- bowditch strung together a 5-under-par 67 in san antonio to sit atop the leaderboard thanks to a two-round total of 8-under-par 136 .
that despite a double bogey on his final hole .
" i hit a couple of bad shots .
it is what it is .
" i got off to a good start this morning , finishing off my first round , and then sort of kept it rolling there for a little bit .
it was good .
i 'm happy with it . "
the 30-year-old led chad collins -- ranked outside the top 300 -- and 505th-ranked pga tour rookie andrew loupe by a shot .
hong kong ( cnn ) -- in energy-sapping conditions , the british and irish lions hardly had to bare their teeth to comprehensively beat the barbarians 59-8 in the first match of their rugby tour to australia .
" it was a good run-out and what we wanted .
" i think the scoreline reflected our dominance .
i was genuinely very , very pleased with that today .
the players said ( the ball ) was a like a bar of soap with the humidity and the heat . "
in the hot and sticky night air -- the temperature hovering around 30c in the windless hong kong stadium -- the lions ran in eight tries to one against the scratch team of internationals that last weekend had lost 40-12 to england .
led by the normally dynamic captain of italy , sergio parisse , who said the conditions were the toughest he 'd played in , the barbarians forwards seemed determined to physically test their opposition early on .
scottish fullback stuart hogg , the lions ' youngest player at 20 , looked to get his tour off on a positive note but the beginning of a scything run a couple of minutes into the match was brought to juddering halt by a crunching tackle by barbarians center casey lualala .
then after just eight minutes south african schalk brits , forgetting any club loyalty , sent a punch towards his saracens teammate and lions flyhalf owen farrell , earning the barbarians ' hooker a yellow card and 10 minutes off the field .
it could easily have been red .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- some 200 houses were damaged in a southwestern province of pakistan after an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.2 struck wednesday , officials said .
the mud-walled houses were damaged in districts close to the epicenter , said ahmed kamal , spokesman for the country 's national disaster management authority .
hundreds of tents , blankets and ready-to-eat meals were sent to the affected area , he said .
the earthquake occurred at 1:23 a.m. wednesday ( 3:23 p.m. tuesday et ) at a depth of 84 kilometers ( 52 miles ) , the u.s. geological survey said .
there were no reports of injuries or deaths , kamal said .
" the offer was appreciated but not accepted because its not required yet , " he said .
arif mahmood , director of the pakistan meteorological department , put the epicenter at 320 kilometers ( about 200 miles ) southwest of quetta near kharan , balochistan , and said it had been felt in punjab , sindh , and balochistan provinces in pakistan , as well as parts of iran and india .
mahmood predicted major aftershocks .
" earthquakes with such magnitudes in the past have brought on aftershocks , " he told cnn from islamabad .
an official at quetta 's civil hospital said a female cardiac patient suffered a fatal heart attack during the earthquake .
he said two residents raced to the hospital but they proved not to have been injured , just scared .
( cnn ) -- i got chills -- not once but several times -- during tuesday 's google hangout with five women named to the cnn 10 : visionary women list .
the panel of women from truly diverse backgrounds provided fertile ground for discussion around the theme : what 's the future of women at work ?
veronika scott , who has devoted her life to helping the homeless reenter the work world , got personal about growing up in a family " constantly struggling in poverty " and watching what it does to parents " when they 're constantly afraid . "
" there 's anger .
they do n't know if they can afford rent , " she said .
equally powerful was molly cantrell-kraig , a one-time single mom on welfare now committed to helping struggling women get access to cars so they can work .
" i know what it 's like to be there and paying for christmas presents with food stamps . "
yep , pinch me now , because when you bring five passionate and community-minded women together who are focused on lifting up the lives of other women , you can not help but be inspired about the future for our young girls .
here are five takeaways from the chat .
( cnn ) -- ac milan withstood a brave comeback from arsenal to advance to the quarterfinals of the champions league tuesday despite a 3-0 defeat in the second leg at the emirates .
the italian champions had led 4-0 from the first leg last month and few bar the most optimistic of arsenal fans gave arsene wenger 's men any hope of retrieving the deficit .
but first-half goals from laurent koscielny , tomas rosicky and captain robin van persie gave the english premier league side the perfect platform to complete a remarkable recovery .
koscielny headed home from a corner , rosicky took advantage of a defensive mistake after a theo walcott run and van persie slotted home a penalty after the excellent alex-oxlade chamberlain was fouled .
milan were all at sea , but regrouped strongly after the break and blunted the arsenal onslaught .
van persie uncharacteristically fluffed the best chance for the home side to make it 4-4 on aggregate , but after fine work by gervinho his effort was saved by christian abbiati .
" i felt he wanted to chip the keeper because he was down but abbiati got up very quickly but he reacted well and unfortunately we could n't score , wenger told sky sports .
" i hoped in the final 10 or 15 minutes to create some more goal chances , but it did n't happen . "
at the other end , zlatan ibrahimovic came to life and twice came close to scoring the milan goal which would have completely killed off the tie .
( cnn ) -- the editor in chief of a newspaper in benghazi , libya , was shot and killed monday morning , the latest in a recent campaign of killings across the city .
muftah buzeid was also a prominent analyst who frequently appeared on tv talk shows speaking out against islamist extremism .
his last such appearance was sunday night .
many libyans are outraged over the killing , which is likely to add to the support for renegade gen. khalifa haftar and his campaign against terrorism .
the deaths have mainly targeted security forces but also activists , journalists and judges .
the city has been almost emptied of westerners as diplomatic missions shut after the 2012 attack on the u.s. consulate that killed american ambassador christopher stevens and three other americans .
officials and many residents blame the violence on islamist extremist groups that have grown in size and influence since the 2011 revolution that overthrew longtime dictator moammar gadhafi .
a weak central government has not been able to secure benghazi or bring the perpetrators of the near-daily attacks to justice .
ten days ago , haftar launched a surprise ground and air assault on islamist militia positions and bases in benghazi , including attacks on ansar al-sharia , the group blamed in the u.s. consulate attack .
( cnn ) -- katy perry is officially the queen of twitter .
the singer has reached more than 50 million followers on the social media site , making her the most followed person in the universe .
perry took the milestone in stride .
" oh yeah and we grew to 50 million katycats !
eh , regular day at the office , " she tweeted ( of course ) .
not that perry does n't have competition hot on her heels .
justin bieber has about 49.4 million " beliebers " hanging on his every 140-character submission , while president barack obama has around 41.2 million followers .
lady gaga has just over 41 million " little monsters . "
the video site youtube , taylor swift , britney spears , rihanna , instagram , and justin timberlake round out the rest of the top 10 most-followed twitter accounts .
perry snagged the twitter throne from bieber in november .
he , in turn , had earlier toppled gaga , who for two years was the most followed person .
in october she told usa today that felt felt like she had " learned how to tame that social media dragon . "
" it is with much sadness we look back and see that recently austin had turned to other methods of managing his pain , " said the parents of austin box , 22 .
" our greatest regret is that austin did not feel he could share his pain with those who loved him , " his parents said .
" he takes pain pills , and he 's not responding to me , " a voice on the tape told a police dispatcher .
box was pronounced dead later that morning at an oklahoma city hospital , according to police who told kwtv .
the most recent injury was a ruptured disc in his back in august 2010 .
box was able to return to the field after recovery to help his team .
( cnn ) -- international aid workers scrambling to get into haiti face a series of obstacles , from an airport that is already overwhelmed to blocked roads and a lack of communication , electricity , food and water .
and , as if that were n't enough , they will encounter a serious crime problem , a veteran disaster relief specialist told cnn .
" security now in this particular crisis has already been raised as a major , major issue , " said paul sherlock , a senior humanitarian representative for oxfam .
" if you 'd been in haiti 25 years ago , even in papa doc 's time , it was a pretty nasty dictatorship , and lots of people were killed .
but infrastructure and services worked better then than they do now , " he said .
" over the last 10 , 15 , 20 years , the gangs and the drug culture have taken hold of haiti , and that is why over the last four to five years , the united nations has been trying to administer security in the capital and all the provincial cities as well , " he said .
nongovernmental organization workers " have not been using public transport or taxis because of the security risk they face .
aid workers on their way to haiti now are not sure how to ensure their safety , he said .
some are " probably using u.n. military as escorts , but many ngos are uncomfortable using any military escort .
they have been going to the police , but i do n't know , after what has happened , whether the police are in any better position to provide it . "
but just as quickly , they returned , offering what they could during the moments that mattered .
" i 'm a nurse .
i 'm a trained ems responder , " they said , according to indiana gov. mitch daniels , whose voice broke with emotion as he recalled the extraordinary efforts of ordinary people .
" the individual hoosiers ran to the trouble , not from the trouble , " he said , using the name for indiana residents .
" it 's the character that we associate with our state .
people do n't have to be paid to do it . "
the stage collapse at the indiana state fair saturday night killed five people and injured 40 others .
ivan gratz , a professional videographer , witnessed the event and filmed what happened after the collapse .
" everybody ran away from the stage , " he said .
" and then as soon as the stage , like it was stable on the ground , everyone turned around and they ran back .
and that 's what was incredible in the pictures where you see the people grab a hold of the stage and they 're lifting it up . "
" just amazing , " said gratz .
allison hoehn , another concertgoer , said that many attendees rushed to help those trapped after the stage crumbled .
" we tried to get down to help , but no one was moving , " hoehn said .
" the storm came on so fast and the stage just snapped like a toothpick . "
and the winner is ... yale .
he made his pick in style , staging a news conference in the gym of william floyd high school and delivering the big announcement before teachers and members of the media .
" my bull dog days experience last week was incredible , " he said .
and everyone there was so friendly and inviting .
... and i believe that their deep appreciation and love for music , like i have , was very critical for me deciding to go there . "
his father , ebenezer , thanked all those at the high school who encouraged his son .
" we are grateful for all the inspiration , " he said .
" people think kwasi is like an angel or somebody who was sheltered .
really , we gave him a lot of freedom , even though at the same time we were very strict with him in terms of academics and the way he behaved .
... we only pray that going forward he will stay focused and not be distracted . "
he 's also ranked 11th in his class at william floyd high school , a public school on long island , according to his principal , barbara butler .
( cnn ) -- nico rosberg dominated the final , vital qualifying session of the 2014 f1 season in abu dhabi , putting the german in the box seat for the world championship title .
the mercedes driver , who has endured a fine but torrid season alongside his rival lewis hamilton , led the session from the start as hamilton put in an error strewn performance to finish second , 0.386 seconds behind rosberg , and set up a mouthwatering race in the middle east on sunday .
neck and neck rosberg and hamilton have clashed on and off the track during a season dominated by mercedes .
the two drivers have gone neck and neck for most of the season before a late spurt of form from hamilton put him ahead for the last race .
" it 's only one step , a very small step , " rosberg said after securing his 11th pole of the season .
his performance meant that mercedes managed to secure every single pole this season , a feat that has n't been seen by an engine manufacturer since ford achieved the same in 1969 .
hamilton still favorite hamilton , meanwhile , is still the favorite to walk away with the title .
" tomorrow is going to be a special day ... this weekend is about the championship , not about pole position . "
new york ( cnn ) -- the mother of one of the two new jersey men arrested last week at a new york airport allegedly on their way to fight with an al qaeda-affiliated group in somalia says the two men are guilty of stupidity -- but not of the sinister plan described by authorities .
" anything makes him angry .
but he 's not a terrorist ; he 's a stupid kid , " nadia alessa said of her u.s.-born son , mahmood .
mohamed mahmood alessa , 20 , of north bergen , new jersey , and carlos eduardo almonte , 24 , of elmwood park , new jersey , are charged with one count each of conspiracy to kill , maim and murder persons outside of the united states , which carries a maximum sentence of life in prison .
the criminal complaint filed in u.s. district court in newark alleges that in 2007 , alessa and almonte traveled together to jordan , where they intended to enter iraq to commit violence against u.s. troops there .
nadia alessa told cnn that her son went to 16 or 17 psychiatrists for what she called " anger management issues " that surfaced when he was a boy .
he lived at his parents well-kept home , where his angry outbursts were common .
however , she said , he was n't particularly religious .
if he was devout , he would make his prayers on time .
he did n't , " she said .
( cnn ) -- a five-year-old british boy who was kidnapped in pakistan earlier this month has been found safe and is back with his relatives , the british high commission said tuesday .
sahil saeed was released at a school in the punjab province of pakistan , said assistant chief constable david thompson of the greater manchester police in england , near his parents ' residence in oldham .
from there , sahil wandered into a field and was found by residents who looked after him until police arrived , thompson said .
regional pakistani police said sahil was found near the town of danga in punjab province , close to where he was abducted march 3 .
sahil was in good condition , said aslam tareen , the head of the regional police .
" he is with members of family in pakistan and the pakistani police , and there is also contact from the british high commission , " thompson said .
he added that sahil had already spoken to his mother and father in england by telephone and that both parents were " clearly relieved " to speak to their son .
the high commission issued a statement thanking police in jhelum , another town in the eastern province of punjab , for the boy 's return .
" this is fantastic news that brings to an end a traumatic ordeal faced by sahil and his family , " said adam thomson , the british high commissioner to pakistan .
police arrested some of the kidnappers , said rana sanaullah , the provincial law minister .
sahil , a british citizen of pakistani descent , was on the last day of a two-week vacation in pakistan before he was to return home to oldham , in northern england .
dr. jennifer madden , a family physician , began her transition to being female at age 48 .
" i really wanted to be a girl so bad , and that was one way for me to satisfy those feelings , " madden said .
" i always felt like someone was looking over my shoulder . "
at age 48 , madden confessed these feelings to a doctor , and started seeing a gender therapist who suggested madden was transgendered .
through reconstructive surgeries , electrolysis , laser procedures and voice lessons , henry joseph became jennifer elizabeth , known as jenny .
she is a practicing family physician in nashua , new hampshire .
while still relatively rare -- one advocate estimates that 0.25 to 0.5 percent of the american population is transgendered -- the idea of changing gender identity has become more widespread in recent years .
the term " lgbt " ( lesbian , gay , bisexual , transgender ) is more commonly recognized , and transgendered people have been portrayed in the 1999 film " boys do n't cry " as well as the 2002 book " middlesex " by jeffrey eugenides .
many people who have transitioned , including madden , say they knew they had been born into the wrong gender from childhood .
as early as age 3 , dr. julie praus , born male , did n't understand why her father wanted to play catch .
praus , 48 , a psychiatrist in brattleboro , vermont , started living as a woman in march 2008 .
seven years ago , dawn larkin-wallace , a mom of three , took up running to lose that 10 to 20 pounds of baby weight that just would n't go away .
she figured once she dropped the weight , she 'd be off the treadmill .
what she could have never imagined is that she 'd become a marathon runner who inspired her three children to start running , too .
" we 're just a running family , " said larkin-wallace of baldwin , new york , who is part of the running club black girls run !
, a national group encouraging african-american women to make health and fitness a priority .
first , larkin-wallace signed up 15-year-old daughter kayla , a high school sophomore , for a race after realizing that the amount of running she did during her soccer games was the equivalent of a 5k .
kimberly , 11 , and kevin jr. , 9 , ran their first 5k 's this year .
larkin-wallace said her goal is for " healthy living to become a lifestyle and not just a fad " among her kids , who also play a range of sports from basketball to soccer to lacrosse .
what she 's also very mindful of is encouraging her children , especially her girls , to feel good about their bodies .
a recent study found that two in three 13-year-olds worry about gaining weight .
... i have to help them understand that because their body type is different than others does n't make one better or more right than the other , " she said during a conversation with her family in their home .
( cnn ) -- for much of the world , february 14 is known as a day to celebrate love .
but in iran , valentine 's day has come to mark another occasion as well  the anniversary of the house arrest of iran 's leading opposition figures mir hossein mousavi , mehdi karroubi and zahra rahnavard .
on february 14 , 2011 , iranian authorities placed mousavi , karroubi and rahnavard under house arrest for calling on iranians to demonstrate in support of the popular arab uprisings across the region .
according to reuters , earlier this month karroubi was moved from a ministry of intelligence-controlled safe house to his own home .
the transfer shined new light on the plight of iran 's " prisoners of rights "  those imprisoned for seeking to exercise commonly recognized political , social , religious , economic , and cultural rights , denied to them by the iranian government .
in addition to opposition politicians like mousavi , karroubi and rahnavard , iran 's prisoners of rights include lawyers , journalists , professors , students , labor union workers , poets , musicians , artists , dissident clerics , bloggers , ethnic and religious minorities , lgbt persons and even humanitarian aid workers .
civil rights and human rights activists are also a primary target .
some prisoners of rights , like women 's rights and student activist bahareh hedayat , have been arrested for holding gatherings to protest laws that discriminate against women .
others , like the " yaran "  the seven leaders of the bahá ' í religious minority in iran  are imprisoned for teaching a faith the iranian government does not recognize .
still others , like lawyer abdolfattah soltani , are imprisoned for their efforts to assist or seek justice for prisoners of rights .
ironically , before his arrest , soltani had been preparing a case in defense of the seven bahá ' í leaders .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- a jury began deliberating wednesday afternoon in actress nicollette sheridan 's wrongful termination lawsuit against " desperate housewives " creator marc cherry .
the jury of nine women and three men is to decide whether cherry killed off a sheridan 's character in retaliation for the actress complaining that he hit her during a rehearsal for the abc comedy .
sheridan is asking for $ 5.7 million in damages from abc and cherry , although the actress was paid $ 4 million in her last year of work and is still earning royalties from her vested interest in the hit series .
sheridan lawyer mark baute , in his closing wednesday morning , told jurors they have two questions to answer : did cherry hit sheridan on the head on september 24 , 2008 , or was it a " light tap , " as the defense claims ?
baute called cherry a " really obvious liar " who was covering up the real reason he killed off edie britt , the sassy blonde character sheridan played for the show 's first five seasons .
cherry and abc claim they decided britt would die in season five in may 2008 , four months before the incident in which cherry allegedly struck sheridan .
( cnn ) -- the united states have named former germany captain jurgen klinsmann as their new national coach , just a day after sacking bob bradley .
" jurgen is a highly accomplished player and coach with the experience and knowledge to advance the program , " said gulati .
bradley sacked as united states national coach " he has had success in many different areas of the game and we look forward to the leadership he will provide on and off the field . "
the 46-year-old klinsmann , who will be formally introduced to the media on monday , expressed his delight at his appointment .
" i 'm excited about the challenge ahead .
i am looking forward to bringing the team together for our upcoming match against mexico on august 10th and starting on the road towards qualifying for the 2014 fifa world cup . "
klinsmann , who led germany to third place in the 2006 world cup finals , already lives in california and has been linked with the position for some time .
however , his reputation dipped slightly after taking over as bayern munich coach in 2008 , losing his job after just a year in charge of the bavarian giants .
during his playing career , klinsmann was respected as one of the greatest strikers of his era .
he scored 232 goals in 516 games during a 17-year club career that took in spells with bayern , italian side inter milan and english club tottenham hotspur .
( cnn ) -- it was deja vu for the williams sisters at the french open -- but not in a good way .
a mouthwatering third-round clash between seven-time grand slam champion venus and 17-time major winner serena was ruled out when the former lost to unseeded slovakian anna schmiedlova 2-6 6-3 6-4 in early play in paris on wednesday .
in 2008 , the siblings were also defeated on the same day at roland garros , their least productive major .
the last time it happened was at wimbledon in 2011 .
venus has been hindered by debilitating autoimmune disease sjogren 's syndrome in recent years though she looked solid in her first round match against the promising swiss , belinda bencic .
defeat for serena meant it was the first time in the open era that the top two women 's seeds had fallen before the third round .
" i do n't think anything worked for me today , " a dejected serena told reporters at her post-match press conference .
" it was one of those days .
you ca n't be on every day , and , gosh , i hate to be off during a grand slam but it happens .
it 's not the end of the world .
( cnn ) -- a swedish swat team backed by local police arrested four people overnight on suspicion of plotting terror attacks , the swedish security service told cnn sunday .
the four were held in the city of gothenburg for " probable cause " of preparing the attacks , the highest level of suspicion in sweden , said sara kvarnstrom , a spokeswoman for the security force .
she refused to say whether the suspects had been under surveillance or if the arrests resulted from a tip-off , saying she could not discussed details on an ongoing investigation .
" through these arrests we have been able to prevent a situation from occurring , " malena rembe , head analyst at the swedish security service , told cnn affiliate tv4 .
sweden is not raising its terror threat level -- which is currently at 3 , with 5 as the highest -- and there is " no reason for the public to be alarmed , " she said .
an art gallery in central gothenburg was evacuated shortly before midnight local time , police said , but declined to say whether it was connected to the arrests .
a party was going on at the roda sten gallery at the time , with about 500 people attending the inauguration of an arts festival , according an interview with a witness in goteborgs posten , a local newspaper .
the police cordon was removed at 6 a.m. local time , said ulf edberg , a spokesman for gothenburg police .
police have a " number of extra police officers " on the streets of gothenburg , edberg said .
( cnn ) -- novak djokovic wasted little time in breezing through to the second round of the french open with a straight sets victory over dutchman thiemo de bakker in paris monday .
the victory extends djokovic 's remarkable winning streak since the start of the year to 38 , four short of the record held by john mcenroe from 1984 .
djokovic 's overall winning run , taking in the end of last season , extends to 40 and if he claims the french open title he will tie guillermo villas for the all-time record of 46 .
the serbian took just one hour 32 minutes to claim a 6-2 6-1 6-3 victory on the philipe chartrier court at roland garros , breaking his young opponent at will with another commanding display .
djokovic will face either french wild card benoit paire or romania 's victor hanescu for a place in the last 32 .
" it 's my favorite grand slam , even though i have n't won it yet , " djokovic told gathered reporters .
" i 've been playing really well on clay .
djokovic won the opening grand slam of the season in australia and has claimed six other titles , including four masters events .
roger federer joined djokovic in the second round after he dispatched spaniard feliciano lopez with a 6-3 6-4 7-6 victory in the next match on the main court .
a single break of service in each of the first two sets put the swiss maestro in command and he closed out the deciding tiebreaker 7-3 to progress .
( cnn ) -- english premier league side liverpool were beaten by two penalties in lisbon as benfica came from behind to grasp the advantage in their europa league quarterfinal .
the portuguese club suffered a nightmare start when daniel agger put the visitors in front after just nine minutes with a neat back heel from steven gerrard 's free kick .
but just after the half hour mark liverpool were reduced to ten men when ryan babel clashed with defender luisao after he had fouled spanish striker fernando torres .
babel appeared to put his hands in luisao 's face and the referee produced a red card .
oscar cardozo converted the spot kick and was given the chance to put his side into the lead when the referee adjudged jamie carragher had handled in the area on 79 minutes .
the return leg is at anfield next thursday .
fulham vanquished seasoned european opponents again as they defeated german champions wolfsburg 2-1 at craven cottage .
striker bobby zamora gave the english side the lead on 59 minutes with a precise curling shot from the edge of the area .
irish winger damien duff made it 2-0 just four minutes later as he converted zamora 's pass .
( cnn ) -- a boston grand jury has subpoenaed two more men to testify thursday in its ongoing investigation into whether former new england patriot aaron hernandez is connected to an unsolved double homicide in boston last year .
bradley , however , failed to appear before superior court judge joan alexander in hartford , connecticut , on tuesday to respond to the subpoena , and the judge issued an arrest warrant for him , according to court officials .
hernandez pleads not guilty bradley 's new york-based attorney , david jaroslawicz , told cnn he was n't aware of the warrant or the subpoena and declined to say whether he has talked with his client about the grand jury matter .
in july , bradley testified before a separate grand jury in fall river , massachusetts , that later indicted hernandez on a charge of murder in the death of a friend , odin lloyd , june 17 .
hernandez pleaded not guilty last week to that charge and weapons counts .
alcorn , 21 , from hernandez 's hometown of bristol , connecticut , became involved in the investigation last month , when a friend of his , jailene diaz , told police a gun found in her car after a crash may have belonged to alcorn and his friends , according to police documents obtained by cnn .
jennifer rosoff went outside on her balcony around 12:50 a.m. thursday to talk and smoke a cigarette with her date when the balcony 's railing broke , according to police .
it 's unclear whether rosoff leaned on the balcony , causing it to give way .
she landed on a second-story construction scaffolding of the building and was pronounced dead at the scene , police said .
rosoff 's employer , online advertising startup triplelift , released a statement expressing sorrow at the news of her death .
" we are all deeply saddened by the sudden and tragic loss of our dear friend and co-worker , " the statement said .
" her tremendous energy and humor brought so much joy to the office . "
" this is a tragedy , and our sincere condolences go out to the family and friends of ms. rosoff , " he said .
" we are cooperating fully with the investigation into the cause of this terrible accident . "
playing a football player won cuba gooding jr. an oscar .
could playing another -- one who was the focus of " the trial of the century " -- win him further accolades ?
gooding won the academy award for best actor in a supporting role in 1996 for his performance as wide receiver rod tidwell in the film " jerry maguire . "
the new miniseries will focus on the famous trial and according to a statement is " told from the perspective of the lawyers that explores the chaotic behind-the-scenes dealings and maneuvering on both sides of the court , and how a combination of prosecution confidence , defense wiliness , and the lapd 's history with the city 's african-american community gave a jury what it needed : reasonable doubt . "
the miniseries was developed by ryan murphy , who created the very successful " american horror story " anthology franchise for fx .
murphy did n't have to look far for his marcia clarke ; the prosecuting attorney will be played by sarah paulson , who has appeared in all four seasons of " american horror story . "
each season of " american crime story " will delve into a different true crime story that made headlines and captivated the public .
production is scheduled to begin early next year in los angeles .
( cnn ) -- billy ray cyrus may be a country boy at heart , but he is also pretty savvy when it comes to navigating hollywood .
billy ray cyrus has a full plate with acting , touring , composing and being a dad .
when others wrote him off as a novelty act after the 1992 hit " achy breaky heart , " cyrus kept making music and eventually turned to acting .
it was a decision he said came after some well-timed fatherly advice .
" in the mid - '90s , my dad said to me ' son , you 've got all of your eggs in one basket and you are living and dying by music , ' " cyrus recalled .
" he said ' i want you to have a career like kenny rogers . ' "
cyrus said his dad suggested he branch out into acting .
cyrus eventually auditioned for and won a role in what appeared to be an unlikely vehicle -- david lynch 's 2001 film " mulholland drive . "
after lynch , known for such works as " blue velvet " and " twin peaks , " suggested that cyrus should continue to pursue the craft , he went on to star in the television drama " doc , " which also helped spur the career of cyrus ' greatest production -- " hannah montana " star , and cyrus ' daughter , miley cyrus .
now , with the release of " hannah montana : the movie " on blu-ray and dvd , a music tour and an upcoming role in a film featuring comedian george lopez and martial arts expert jackie chan , cyrus is staying busy .
( cnn ) -- inter milan spurned the chance to close the gap on italian league leaders juventus after they had to rely on a late own goal to salvage a point at home to cagliari .
andrea stramaccioni 's side could have pulled to within three points of the serie a champions had they beaten cagliari but despite taking the lead they were thankful to davide astori for putting through his own net with eight minutes remaining .
rodrigo palacio had given inter the lead after just ten minutes when he nodded home a cross from antonio cassano .
but just before halftime italian striker marco sau grabbed the first of his two goals when he fired andrea cossu 's cross into the bottom corner .
inter 's argentinean forward diego miltio squandered a glorious chance to restore inter 's lead when he hit yuto nagatomo 's pass over the bar from six yards with the goal gaping .
it was to prove a costly miss as sau got his second on 66 minutes , turning home the loose ball after mauricio pinilla 's overhead kick cannoned back off the upright .
but cagliari could n't hold on for their first league win at the san siro since 1995 as astori fired into his own net when attempting to clear a cross .
( cnn ) -- nico rosberg dominated the final , vital qualifying session of the 2014 f1 season in abu dhabi , putting the german in the box seat for the world championship title .
the mercedes driver , who has endured a fine but torrid season alongside his rival lewis hamilton , led the session from the start as hamilton put in an error strewn performance to finish second , 0.386 seconds behind rosberg , and set up a mouthwatering race in the middle east on sunday .
neck and neck rosberg and hamilton have clashed on and off the track during a season dominated by mercedes .
the two drivers have gone neck and neck for most of the season before a late spurt of form from hamilton put him ahead for the last race .
but a controversial rule change that awards double points for the last race of the season means that hamilton 's 17 point championship lead is far more precarious than it should have been .
" it 's only one step , a very small step , " rosberg said after securing his 11th pole of the season .
his performance meant that mercedes managed to secure every single pole this season , a feat that has n't been seen by an engine manufacturer since ford achieved the same in 1969 .
hamilton still favorite hamilton , meanwhile , is still the favorite to walk away with the title .
as long as he finishes second , rosberg 's performance is immaterial .
" i generally did n't have the best of laps but i enjoyed the qualifying session , " said hamilton .
( cnn ) -- luci baines johnson was just 16 years old when she approached her father , president johnson , with what she considered a reasonable request .
luci baines johnson , left , and her older sister , lynda bird , pose inside the white house in 1963 .
" i asked my father if we could have the beatles come to play at the white house , " she recalled .
" i was very excited about it . "
a decisive no , " without even any moment of trying to soften the blow , " johnson said in a recent phone interview .
the president thought the move would be viewed as self-serving .
his daughter , however , saw it as a chance to honor " a great talent " and strengthen ties between the united states and great britain -- not to mention a golden opportunity for her and her friends .
" i could see how different sets of folks could have either perspective .
and i suspect my father could see that too , " she said .
luci baines johnson learned quickly of the scrutiny that came from being a first daughter .
her family moved into the white house in 1963 , following the assassination of president john f. kennedy .
johnson was catapulted into the exclusive fraternity of white house families and embraced what she describes as a role she landed simply by chance .
that fraternity has most recently expanded to include president obama 's daughters , sasha and malia .
" i was an eyewitness to history , over and over , during my father 's five years in the white house .
i had no qualifications that provided me that privilege except an accident of birth , " she said .
see famous first kids who grew up in the white house »
" he was a fine journalist , a leader in our organization and , as anyone who had the privilege of knowing him will tell you , a great guy . "
she remained hospitalized wednesday .
case is a writer at cnn , where she has worked for more than 20 years .
tyler moody , vice president of cnn radio , said news of stan case 's death caused " terrible sadness " for him and his colleagues .
" our thoughts now are for his wife angi 's recovery , and his family during this difficult time .
for over 26 years , stan was our friend first and colleague second .
he will be missed . "
birmingham police sgt. johnny williams said he did not have details on the crash , which happened tuesday .
an accident reconstruction team planned to investigate further wednesday , he said .
stan case came to cnn in 1985 after working as a correspondent for kebc-am in oklahoma city .
he was " in many ways the backbone of this network , " said mike jones , a cnn radio news manager .
he also held a law degree .
" stan was a rock here , and his death creates a tremendous void , " jones said .
another colleague , jim ribble , said case 's training as a lawyer helped provide a " reasoned , logical and levelheaded " take on the news .
( cnn ) -- gov. david paterson had no intention of appointing caroline kennedy to fill the senate seat vacated by hillary clinton , a source close to the new york governor told cnn thursday .
the source told cnn that paterson did not think kennedy was " ready for prime time , " citing her efforts , at times awkward , to try to win the appointment .
" she clearly has no policy experience and could n't handle the pressure , " said the source , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the situation .
kennedy , 51 , cited personal reasons for her decision not to continue pursuing the senate seat .
she informed the media at midnight , as wednesday turned to thursday .
paterson will appoint someone to hold the seat until a new election is held in 2010 .
a kennedy ally , though , denied kennedy had any indication paterson was leaning against choosing her to fill out clinton 's term .
and another kennedy confidante said kennedy allies are getting frustrated about what they perceive as the governor 's insiders slighting her .
new york ( cnn ) -- tommy hilfiger began his career selling jeans out of the back seat of his car in upstate new york .
on sunday night , the designer celebrated the 25th anniversary of his fashion label with 25 limited-edition pieces inspired by american legends .
" it 's been an amazing journey from where i started , " hilfiger told cnn as looks derived from classic style icons hit the runway .
" grace kelly -- we have a halter dress inspired by her and a sleeveless trench , but with a modern twist , " hilfiger said .
next came a steve mcqueen-inspired navy pea coat , a james dean-inspired leather motorcycle jacket and a debbie harry-inspired hooded sweater .
in the early days , top rap musicians often sported his label .
today 's collection has evolved into a more preppy , country-club , classic look -- but with a rock 'n' roll vibe .
" it 's what i like to call the tommy twist , " hilfiger said , dressed in one of his own looks for the season : red trousers and a navy blue blazer , the epitome of relaxed preppy .
after four years on hiatus while honing their skills on the music festival circuit overseas , the invite-only bash at the metropolitan opera house was the perfect opportunity to return home , said denise sullivan , a spokeswoman for hilfiger and the band .
hong kong ( cnn ) -- the world watched , as the london 2012 olympic games opened with director danny boyle 's elaborate ode to england , and furiously tapped their reaction on social media .
but one comment on twitter has sparked a political fracas on the home soil of the games , as a british member of parliament lamented the " multi-cultural crap " of the £ 27 million ( $ 42.4 million ) ceremony .
entitled " isle of wonder , " boyle -- the oscar-winning director best known for hit movies " trainspotting " and " slumdog millionaire " -- put together a star-studded on-field dramatization that drew on shakespeare and brit pop to chart britain from its pastoral roots through the industrial revolution to james bond , harry potter and the beatles .
" the most leftie opening ceremony i have ever seen -- more than beijing , the capital of a communist state !
welfare tribute next ? "
" thank god the athletes have arrived !
now we can move on from leftie multi-cultural crap .
he added minutes later .
burley backpedaled after the strong online backlash against his comments , posting : " seems my tweet has been misunderstood .
i was talking about the way it was handled in the show , not multiculturalism itself . "
queen opens the london 2012 olympics there was a great deal of comparison being drawn between the london ceremony and the 2008 beijing olympics .
london sees your zillion drummers drumming in unison and raises you a deaf drummer .
your move china , " referring to deaf scottish percussionist evelyn glennie leading drummers during the london ceremony .
of course , people regard these events with various degrees of literalness .
but easter retains its power .
it is , in fact , the essential christian celebration , as the gospels focus hugely on this part of the jesus story .
they describe in slow motion his entry into jerusalem and the final week leading up to the crucifixion on good friday , the uncertain stillness of holy saturday , when the world seems to have slipped into total darkness , then the joy of the resurrection itself , with a sense that boundaries have been broken -- most aggressively , the membrane between life and death .
questions arise , of course .
did jesus really rise from the dead ?
what would that look like ?
many christians imagine some literal wakening from the dead and refuse to accept the slightest hint that the resurrection might be regarded as symbolic without denigrating it .
indeed , if you read the gospel narratives closely , it 's not easy to say what actually happened .
that is , we never see jesus waken .
the first inkling of change comes when a few women close to him visit the tomb .
accounts differ on who turned up at the tomb that morning : mary magdalene , a close friend of jesus , alone or with mary , his mother , and with salome ( who is either mary 's sister or the mother of apostles james and john ) .
the father of a friend of boston marathon bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev spoke in support of his son sunday , saying he was simply in the " wrong place , ( at the ) wrong time , with ( the ) wrong people . "
amir ismagulov is the father of azamat tazhayakov , one of three friends charged in connection with the case .
they have already waived their right to bail .
robel phillipos , charged with lying to investigators , will appear in court monday and will ask to be released on bond , his lawyers said in a court filing .
the fbi says that on april 18 the three friends went to tsarnaev 's college dorm room at the university of massachusetts-dartmouth .
here are the latest developments in their cases : azamat tazhayakov tazhayakov 's father , who lives in kazakhstan , spoke to cnn in new york .
both father and son believe in the u.s. justice system , ismagulov said .
the government will get to the bottom of what happened and let tazhayakov go , said the father , speaking in russian .
tazhayakov is due back in court may 14 .
he was already in federal custody on immigration charges related to his student visa , having been arrested in the days after the bombings due to his friendship with tsarnaev .
if found guilty , he could face up to five years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines .
stephenville , texas ( cnn ) a former deputy testified last week that he overheard the defendant in the " american sniper " murder trial explain why he killed two men .
gene cole , who worked for the erath county sheriff 's office at the time , testified friday that on june 22 , 2013 , he " heard mr. [ eddie ray ] routh say , ' i shot them because they would n't talk to me .
i was just riding in the back seat of the truck and nobody would talk to me .
they were just taking me to the range so i shot them .
i feel bad about it , but they would n't talk to me .
i 'm sure they 've forgiven me . ' "
he is charged with murder in the february 2 , 2013 , shooting deaths of chris kyle , the former navy seal who was the subject of " american sniper , " and kyle 's friend , chad littlefield , at a firing range .
in other testimony , texas ranger david armstrong said investigators searched routh 's residence and found drug paraphernalia , including a pipe commonly used for methamphetamine as well as " a ceramic pipe , what 's believed to be a bong , a grinder used to grind different substances and a loose leafy green substance " which lab tests confirmed was marijuana .
armstrong also noticed a nearly empty bottle of whiskey in routh 's kitchen .
routh 's uncle , james watson , testified that on the day of the slayings he was rousted out of bed by a call from routh 's girlfriend , asking him to come over because she and routh had been arguing .
it 's a far cry from the indonesian orphans ' earlier months and years .
budi soehardi poses with young residents of roslin orphanage .
" they are cheerful-looking and photogenic , but close to all have a very sad story , " said budi soehardi , founder of the west timor orphanage .
" some of the babies come because a mother passes away right after delivery because of lack of nutrition .
others come from extreme poverty .
some come from families [ that ] just do not want the children and abandon them , " he said .
they have a personal relationship with each one , and consider them part of their family .
soehardi has three children of his own but says there is no difference between what he supplies for his biological children and those living at the orphanage .
they all get clean living spaces , vaccinations , food , clothing and vitamins from the united states .
" mr. budi is like my own father , " said gerson mangi , 20 , a resident at roslin orphanage .
mangi , who came to the orphanage when he was 12 years old , had no means to attend school after his parents died .
now , thanks to the educational training at roslin and a private sponsor , he is in medical school .
( cnn ) -- a connecticut woman attacked monday by her friend 's pet chimpanzee was taken thursday from a connecticut hospital to the famed cleveland clinic in ohio , a hospital spokeswoman said .
she would not divulge the victim 's condition nor the reason for the move .
travis , seen here as a younger chimp , was fatally shot by police after attacking nash , authorities say .
charla nash , 55 , was transferred by airplane and ambulance to the clinic , where doctors in december performed the first facial transplant in the united states .
the attack has raised questions about whether exotic animals should be kept as pets .
connecticut attorney general richard blumenthal said wednesday that primates and crocodiles should be added to a state list of animals citizens are not allowed to own .
nash initially was taken to stamford hospital , where she underwent seven hours of surgery after she was attacked by the 14-year-old chimp , named travis .
nash 's friend , sandra herold , 70 , had called nash for help in getting the animal back inside her house after he used a key to escape .
when nash arrived at herold 's stamford home , the chimp , who has been featured in tv commercials for coca-cola and old navy , jumped on her and began biting and mauling her , police said .
doctors said wednesday that nash had received extensive injuries to her face and hands .
a stamford police officer fatally shot the nearly 200-pound chimp after the primate turned on him inside a police cruiser , police said .
herold told reporters at her home that she and the chimp slept together and that she considered him like a son .
london ( cnn ) -- i remember well the shock when in 2000 alex rodriquez signed a 10 year , a quarter of a billion dollar deal ( $ 252 million ) to play baseball with the texas rangers .
he was later traded to the yankees who happily increased the deal .
but at least he was being paid to work .
rory mcilroy has now become nike 's poster boy -- certainly there will be a lot of strings attached ; but he 's not being paid by nike to swing a club .
he 'll get millions more to do that .
read more : nike unveils rory mcilroy : tiger 's heir apparent good for mcilroy .
his baseball cap now switches from titleist to the nike tick .
tv ads have already been shot .
now , i wonder which stable of nike 's sports stallions will he join ?
will he join roger federer and michael jordan at causing little or no offenses on or off the field of play ?
will he join lance armstrong and one day cause a massive scandal putting his nike contract in jeopardy ?
but remember , nike actually stood by armstrong for months in 2012 , when all others headed for the exit .
london , england ( cnn ) -- the death of a teenage girl in a welsh village in an apparent copycat suicide has raised fears she may have been part of an internet death cult already blamed for the deaths of six young men .
natasha randall , 17 , who was found hanged in her bedroom in blaengarw , near bridgend , south wales , on thursday , was the seventh person believed to have killed themselves in the local area in the past 12 months , the uk 's press association reported .
police are examining randall 's computer after the teenager posted messages on a social networking site , bebo , prior to her death dedicated to 20-year-old liam clarke , who was found hanged in a bridgend park last month .
gon na miss ya !
always remember the gd times !
love ya x. me too ! "
" rip tash - ca n't believe you done it ! "
one said .
another read : " heyaa babe .
just poppin in to say i let my balloon off with a message on it , hope you got it ok and it made you laugh up there . "
five more men aged between 17 and 27 have been found hanged in the area since january 2007 .
" we do n't know if it is some weird cult or copycat suicides or if they have had some bizarre pact to kill themselves , " clarke said .
washington ( cnn ) -- president james k. polk holds a distinction among those who have sought the nation 's top job : he 's the only major candidate to win the white house despite losing the vote in the state where he was born and the state where he lived .
it happened in 1844 , and now 168 years later , republican nominee mitt romney may need to duplicate polk 's feat if he wants to defeat president barack obama in tuesday 's election .
according to polls , romney faces the prospect of losing both the state of his birth , michigan , and the state where he lives and served as governor , massachusetts .
under the electoral college system , each state is worth a certain number of electoral votes based on population .
there are a total of 538 electoral votes available , meaning 270 are required to win .
romney has many plausible paths to victory on tuesday without winning michigan or massachusetts .
yet the prospect that he might lose either or both raises the question of how many other presidential candidates in u.s. history also were unable to win their birth or home states ?
winners who overcame the loss of a state with strong personal ties included abraham lincoln , richard nixon and both george h.w. bush and his son , george w. bush .
new national poll shows obama , romney virtually tied honest abe won his home state of illinois , but lost his birth state of kentucky in both of his presidential runs in 1860 and 1864 .
in 1968 , nixon won his birth state of california , where he also ran unsuccessfully as governor , but lost his home state of new york , where he had been working as a lawyer for a few years .
( cnn ) -- niki gianni was 11 or 12 when she found a video on youtube called " meet your meat . "
saddened and disgusted by the footage from a slaughterhouse , the chicago girl announced she was no longer going to eat meat .
her parents were less than thrilled .
" when she first said she wanted to be a vegetarian , we were just looking at each other and we said , ' we ca n't be switching meals for you .
" appropriately planned " vegetarian or vegan diets are healthful , nutritionally adequate and may provide health benefits in the prevention and treatment of certain diseases , the dietetic association says .
" you can really feel the difference when you are eating something from the ground and something from a factory , " said niki gianni , an animal activist who became a vegan shortly after embracing the vegetarian lifestyle .
her food choices also influenced her family : her mother is now a vegan and her father and sister are vegetarians .
the number of vegetarians in the united states is expected to increase over the next decade , according to the dietetic association .
a vegetarian diet is associated with a lower risk of death from ischemic heart disease , and vegetarians also appear to have lower overall cancer rates , lower blood pressure and lower rates of hypertension than nonvegetarians .
( cnn ) -- educators and policymakers have long dreamed of providing universal , low cost , first-class higher education .
their wish may come true soon thanks to an unlikely source : silicon valley .
the mecca of the technology universe is in the process of revolutionizing higher education in a way that educators , colleges and universities can not , or will not .
one of the men responsible for what may be an athens-like renaissance is sebastian thrun , google 's vice president and pioneer in artificial intelligence and robotics .
i recently interviewed him on my radio show , " morning in america . "
last year , while teaching a graduate level artificial intelligence class at stanford university , thrun lamented that his course could only reach 200 students in the suburbs of palo alto .
so , he decided to offer his own free online class , with the same homework , quizzes and tests that he gives to stanford students .
he announced the proposal with a single e-mail .
" in my entire life of education i did n't have as much an impact on people as i had in these two months . "
by utilizing online videos and educational resources , thrun 's class was being accessed by students from all corners of the world .
bekaa valley , lebanon ( cnn ) -- he escaped the war , but life 's no happier now for omar .
the 8-year-old syrian refugee longs for friends back in qusayr , hard hit by a civil war that grinds on .
he also misses days in school -- when the most he had to worry about was finishing his homework .
" i work so i can bring money for my family , " says omar .
his mother , like other refugees , asked that their last names not be used as they are worried for their safety .
eddie izzard : in syrian refugee camps , another day of childhood is lost i met omar on a hot , dusty day in lebanon 's wind-swept bekaa valley .
the job is hard , but omar went through an even more difficult experience recently .
" they said to me , " he adds , embarrassed and close to tears , " ' damn every syrian . ' "
their eyes make them seem far older .
there 's no childhood spark , with smiles few and far between .
she asks unbelievingly -- as if the question were a farce .
the fed express rolls out of shanghai with no signs of slowing down yet .
roger federer beat frenchman gilles simon to win his first shanghai masters crown sunday and his fourth title of the season .
the victory will move him above rafael nadal , who has been laid low with appendicitis , and up to second in the world rankings .
" usually everything slows down at the end of the season , " federer told reporters in china .
" not for me this time .
" this year everything is going really well .
with just a handful of events to go until next month 's season finale in london , federer could still mathematically challenge novak djokovic to end the year as the world no. 1 .
i mean , it 's in novak 's racquet .
" but nevertheless , i 'm still going to be playing and hopefully playing well again . "
federer did not have it easy against simon , who took the swiss to a tiebreak in the opening set and had set point at 6-5 up .
but the 17-time grand slam champion snuffed out the threat to take the first set breaker 8-6 .
( cnn ) -- every dog has his day , but sir lancelot -- or at least his carbon copy -- has a second one .
edgar and nina otto show off 10-week-old lancey , a clone of " the most human of any dog we 've ever had . "
a boca raton , florida , couple paid a california firm $ 155,000 to clone their beloved labrador retriever , who died from cancer a year ago .
the clone , a 10-week-old puppy dubbed lancey , was hand-delivered to them earlier this week by lou hawthorne , chairman of bioarts international , a biotechnology company .
the ottos were one of five families to bid and win a bioarts auction for a chance to clone their family dog , according to a bioarts statement .
lancey is the world 's first commercially cloned dog , the company said ; the ottos are the first of six current clients to receive their clone .
sir lancelot 's dna sample was sent to the sooam biotech research foundation in seoul , south korea , which provides cloning services to bioarts .
researchers there put the dna into an egg , and lancey was born november 18 , according to bioarts .
more " breaking bad " yo ?
the series star bryan cranston seemed to drop a major hint in an interview with cnn 's ashleigh banfield thursday .
asked by banfield if his character , walter white , died or not , cranston said , " hey , you never saw bags zip up or anything .
or say ... you know . "
he left the rest up to viewers ' imaginations .
the show literally went out with a bang in september 2013 and there was even a mock funeral held for the character in albuquerque , new mexico , where the series was set and filmed .
cranston has remained busy since the series ended , most recently starring in the summer film " godzilla . "
what say you diehard fans ?
do you think cranston was kidding or not ?
yet it 's fundamentally different this time for the champagne in question is a certain jerome , the 55-year-old who launched his campaign to dethrone fifa president sepp blatter on monday .
once one of blatter 's closest allies following his work as fifa 's deputy secretary general between 2002 and 2005 , the former diplomat is now eying the top job itself ahead of the presidential elections in june 2015 .
he is the first candidate to throw his hat into the ring , although both blatter and uefa president michel platini are also expected to stand -- albeit without declaring their intentions yet .
adding sparkle and fizz to the opening of champagne 's campaign was the backing of former brazil star pele .
" i can not stay away from a debate which is so important for the future of football and thus , i support jerome champagne and his vision , " the 73-year-old said in a video message .
pele said that the pair became friends when he was brazil 's minister of sport and champagne was working at the french embassy in brazil .
however , champagne -- who worked at fifa for 11 years before leaving football 's world governing body in 2010 -- chose london and the site where the english fa , the planet 's oldest , was founded in 1863 to launch his bid .
image problem in a wide-ranging reform program , the frenchman outlined his support for greater use of technology in football , a desire to see orange cards and the use of a sinbin to be used between a yellow and red card while also calling for more transparency in the running of fifa .
( cnn ) -- only two republican presidential candidates will appear on the ballot in virginia next year , regardless of how many are in the race .
mitt romney and ron paul will have the dominion state all to themselves .
supporters of newt gingrich , rick perry , rick santorum , jon huntsman and michele bachmann will have to be content with yard signs or donations as ways of cheering on their favorite would-be nominee .
that 's because their campaigns failed to gain the requisite 10,000 signatures .
it is , to be sure , a self-inflicted wound , a measure of some organizational chaos .
but it is also a function of illogically restrictive local laws .
they not only impede ballot access but end up denying open representative democracy to operate on the road to the oval office .
the united states is the only nation in the world , save switzerland , that does not have uniform federal ballot access laws , according to ballot access news , a website run by richard winger that is dedicated to the issue .
in many cases , the rules are imposed by state party bosses who are less interested in democracy than in rigging the system to benefit their favored candidates .
take , for example , my home state of new york .
it votes reliably democratic in presidential years , at least since ronald reagan thrashed walter mondale in 1984 .
but the state 's primary delegates can still be a prize in a protracted republican nomination fight .
local laws allowed them to restrict ballot access until public pressure and a court injunction overruled their attempted end-run around democracy .
each presidential cycle , the corrupt kabuki continues .
( cnn ) -- a former security guard told cnn on monday that he was unjustly fired after he took pictures of president barack obama 's motorcade during a visit to atlanta in september .
kenneth tate worked for a private security firm when president obama visited the centers for disease control and prevention on september 16 .
he told cnn 's brooke baldwin in an exclusive television interview that he stuck to his assigned duties and tried to take photos after he was done escorting president obama .
members of congress were upset when the media reported last month that tate had a .40-caliber handgun while in an elevator with the president .
that report , coupled with news of an incident in which a man jumped a fence and made it into the white house , led to the resignation of secret service director julia pierson .
tate said he was issued a weapon by his security firm on the morning of the president 's visit , but no one told him it was a violation of secret service protocol for him to carry a gun , he said .
tate 's lawyer , christopher chestnut , said his client was fired unjustly for leaving his post .
" he should never have lost his job for doing what he was supposed to do , " chestnut said .
he added that tate is not a felon , contrary to prior media reports .
" those tasks i carried out , " he told cnn .
he said he also was asked to escort some secret service agents to the roof and other locations
( cnn ) -- three men have come forward to say they were sexually abused by convicted former penn state assistant coach jerry sandusky as early as the 1970s , sources close to the case told a pennsylvania newspaper .
sandusky was convicted in june of sexually abusing 10 boys in cases dating back to the 1990s .
two sources with knowledge of the investigation said police are aware these men have come forward , and one has already contacted investigators , the harrisburg patriot-news reported monday .
if found credible , they would directly attack the 68-year-old 's defense argument that a person does n't become pedophile in his or her 50s .
the grand jury investigation that led to sandusky 's november arrest is still meeting and could be hearing from more potential victims , but the pennsylvania attorney general 's office has not said if more charges will be filed .
nils frederiksen , a spokesman for the agency , said he could n't discuss " any specific evidence " because of the grand jury probe .
" court filings have indicated that new information has come forward and we 're continuing to pursue , but ca n't talk about specific evidence . "
( cnn ) -- the defense and prosecution were hammering out a plea deal tuesday in the court-martial of brig. gen. jeffrey sinclair , but no matter what the negotiations hold , the defense says three things are off the table .
first , sinclair wo n't plead guilty to sexual assault , said josh zeitz , a spokesman for the general 's defense team .
no developments are expected tuesday or wednesday , and zeitz said the negotiations could last for weeks .
col. james pohl , the judge in the case , dismissed the jury " for the time being " tuesday morning to return to their duty stations , a spokeswoman for fort bragg in north carolina said .
on monday , a day when sinclair 's accuser was slated to continue her testimony from friday , pohl dismissed the jury because of 22 pages of e-mails that emerged over the weekend .
pohl indicated there may have been " undue command influence " by pentagon officials .
while pohl would not grant the defense 's request to drop charges against sinclair , he ordered that the general be provided a possible plea deal , in addition to several other options .
seoul , south korea ( cnn ) -- korean is considered one of the hardest languages in the world to master , but an elephant in a south korean zoo is making a good start .
koshik can say the korean words for " hello , " " sit down , " " no , " " lie down " and " good . "
his trainer , kim jong gap , first started to realize koshik was mimicking him several years ago . "
" in 2004 and 2005 , kim did n't even know that the human voice he heard at the zoo was actually from koshik , " zoo spokesman in kim in cherl said .
" but in 2006 , he started to realize that koshik had been imitating his voice and mentioned it to his boss . "
why do elephants have hair on their heads ?
his boss initially called him " crazy . "
" there was a youtube video about koshik vocalizing , and i was not sure if it was a fake , or if it was real , " dr. angela stoeger-horwath said .
they recorded koshik repeating certain words his keeper said and then played them for native korean speakers to see , if they were recognizable .
" it is , for some of the sounds he makes , quite astonishing for how similar they are , " said mietchen of the university of jena in germany .
( cnn ) -- choosing to step down from a top job can be an extraordinary decision , whether the person is a pontiff or a politician .
but george pataki , former governor of new york , says making the switch from public figure to john q. public was n't difficult for him .
" i made up my mind that i was never going to let my public title become my personal identity , " he says .
he embraced what he calls a sense of normalcy after he left office , going to movies and basketball games .
a year or two after he left office , pataki went to madison square garden with a group of friends to see the knicks play .
and he wanted to stand in line to get himself a hot dog -- something elected officials tend not to do .
" i loved it , " he says .
even though fellow fans recognized him and offered to let him jump the queue , pataki waited in line for his hot dog with mustard and sauerkraut .
" i felt really good about the fact that it was just comfortable for me to be on line with the rest , " he says .
pataki decided in the middle of his third term in office that he would not seek a fourth term .
he left office in 2006 , after 12 years as governor .
pope 's resignation a new angle to a tough news beat " i had no doubts that this was the right decision for me , for my family , for the team that had worked so hard with me , and for the state , " he says .
when spongebob squarepants skips onto shelves in boxes of kraft macaroni & cheese next year , he may be a little less , well , yellow than your kids are used to .
kraft has revamped its character-shaped product line for 2014 , according to company spokeswoman lynne galia .
" parents have told us that they would like fun mac & cheese varieties with the same great taste , but with improved nutrition , " galia said in an e-mail .
the company will remove yellow no. 5 and yellow no. 6 from boxes containing pasta shaped like spongebob squarepants and those with halloween and winter shapes .
check out eatocracy 's recipe for homemade mac & cheese the center for science in the public interest hailed kraft 's decision on friday .
michael jacobson , the center 's executive director , said he is pleased with the announcement but is " puzzled " as to why kraft would not change its iconic elbow-shaped macaroni product as well .
" as kraft has today shown , it is clearly possible to make macaroni and cheese without these harmful chemicals , " jacobson said in a statement .
the company tries to offer a wide variety of choices to consumers , galia responded .
" making ingredient changes is n't as simple as it would seem , " she said .
" all of the ingredients must work together to deliver the distinctive taste , appearance and texture consumers expect and love from original kraft mac & cheese .
our fans have made it clear they wo n't settle for anything less . "
( cnn ) -- denied a proper buildup to the australian open for the second year in a row , maria sharapova has taken out her injury frustrations on some of the host country 's most promising young male tennis players .
the planet 's highest-paid female athlete will line up in melbourne for the 10th time next week , confident she has overcome the neck problem that ruled her out of the brisbane international earlier this month .
the world no. 2 , who was hampered by an ankle injury before going on to lose last year 's final , will play 105th-ranked fellow russian olga puchkova in her opening match .
" i would have loved to come in with a few matches , but sometimes circumstances do n't allow that , " she told reporters on saturday , having earlier presented the global launch of her new candy line " sugarpova . "
i 'm experienced enough to know the adjustments i have to make in those types of circumstances .
i went to brisbane .
i certainly would have loved to step on court and play those matches . "
instead the 25-year-old , who won the season 's opening grand slam in 2008 , got into shape with matches against male opposition .
" i think one of them got a wildcard in the main draw , " sharapova said .
i think he had eight set-points and i ended up winning the set .
( cnn ) -- conan o'brien suggested in a statement tuesday that he will not accept nbc 's proposal to move him and " the tonight show , " which he 's hosted for seven months , to 12:05 a.m. et .
nbc has proposed moving " the tonight show " from its traditional 11:35 p.m. slot so that the show 's former host , jay leno , could host a half-hour show then .
" my staff and i have worked unbelievably hard and we are very proud of our contribution to the legacy of ' the tonight show . '
but i can not participate in what i honestly believe is its destruction , " o'brien said .
but with the tonight show , i believe nothing could matter more .
my hope is that nbc and i can resolve this quickly so that my staff , crew , and i can do a show we can be proud of , for a company that values our work . "
read o'brien 's full statement after leno left " the tonight show " last year -- as part of an agreement reached six years ago giving it to o'brien -- he began hosting " the jay leno show " for nbc in the fall , airing at 10 p.m. et .
but ratings for the 10 p.m. show were low , and on sunday , nbc announced that it was taking leno out of the prime-time slot because the show " did n't meet affiliates ' needs " despite performing at acceptable levels for the network .
( cnn ) -- fernando alonso savored the sweet taste of victory in front of his home fans after kickstarting his formula one title bid with a commanding victory in sunday 's spanish grand prix .
" it 's very special winning at home , it does n't matter how many times you do , it 's always like starting from zero , " said the 31-year-old , whose only other victory at the circuit de catalunya was back in 2006 in the same season he won his second world title with renault .
" it was fantastically emotional and the fans really helped because you feel the support from everyone .
" the last laps are very long because you want the race to finish as soon as possible , but i 'm very happy for the team . "
" i was a little disappointed after qualifying yesterday , but the race was very good for us and we were very aggressive , " massa said .
" we struggled a bit on the tires to survive in a good way -- and the race was very good for us . "
alonso , who made a flying start , had four pit stops as opposed to the three of raikkonen due to an early puncture but was able to take the checkered flag for the 32nd time in his career to move above lewis hamilton into third place overall .
( cnn ) -- right-wing u.s. republicans are up in arms over cuba again .
read more : lawmakers ask why beyoncé and jay-z went to cuba these blinkered conservatives need to get over themselves .
it is counterproductive and harmful to both countries .
it is time to end this cold war anachronism , kiss and make up .
anger over beyoncé 's supposed breach of the u.s. embargo rules restricting american citizens ' travel to cuba is symbolic of a deeper fear among right-wingers .
two key factors have changed since the days -- not so long ago -- when washington seemed to be regularly threatening the castro government with iraq-style overthrow .
the second change is in cuba itself , where the government , now led by fidel castro 's brother , raoul , has embarked on a cautious program of reform .
doing what " dictators " rarely do , raoul castro announced in february that in 2018 , he would hand over power and that any successor would be subject to term limits .
the castro brothers have reportedly chosen a career communist , first vice president miguel diaz-canel , to succeed them .
that 's the $ 5 million message from jurors in california regarding the soul-funk music icon , known for classic sly and the family stone hits such as " everyday people , " " if you want me to stay , " " dance to the music " and " family affair . "
" this is one for the good guys , " los angles trial lawyer nicholas hornberger said .
" these people cheated him and took all his money . "
in his lawsuit , stone ( whose legal name is sylvester stewart ) alleged that goldstein and glenn stone " without the permission of sly stone , have received , borrowed , and continue to receive millions of dollars in royalties or derived from royalties , " according to the los angeles times .
" they would give him a little money so he would sign stuff , " hornberger said .
" they had him sign all sorts of complicated contracts he would never understand , and he just wanted to make music .
they just wanted his royalties . "
by 2011 , stone was reportedly homeless , living out of a van .
he had sued goldstein in 2010 , accusing him of stealing his royalties .
attorney gregory bodell , who represents goldstein and glenn stone , said his clients plan to appeal .
" we are disappointed with the verdict , and we believe the jury did n't understand " all of the evidence , bodell said .
( cnn ) -- elite sprinters tyson gay and asafa powell tested positive for banned substances on a day of shame for athletics .
gay , a former world champion from the u.s. , said sunday he was told by the u.s. anti-doping agency that an a sample from an out of competition test taken in may came back positive .
later sunday , powell , a former world-record holder from jamaica , said he was caught for using the banned stimulant oxilofrine that showed up in a test at last month 's jamaican trials .
gay did n't name the substance found in his system and added that he never knowingly took performance-enhancing drugs .
he pulled out of next month 's world championships in russia .
" i do n't have a sabotage story , " gay was quoted as saying by reuters .
" i basically put my trust in someone and was let down .
gay and powell , both 30 , become the second and third high-profile track stars in a month to be embroiled in a doping scandal .
two-time olympic 200-meter champion veronica campbell-brown was provisionally suspended in june after she tested positive for a banned substance .
the jamaican sprinter reportedly had traces of a banned diuretic , which is used as a masking agent , in a sample she provided to testers at jamaica 's international invitational world challenge in may .
british newspaper the guardian reported the banned diuretic was from a cream she was using in an attempt to recover from a leg injury .
moments later , a man clothed in u.s. military fatigues and a t-shirt burst through the door of naim 's home and opened fire , hitting him in the neck , naim testified early saturday at a hearing for an army soldier accused in a mass killing of afghan civilians .
" i said ' what are you doing ?
what are you doing ? '
naim told the court at joint base lewis-mcchord , near tacoma , washington , during a live satellite uplink from a base in kandahar , afghanistan .
" he did n't say anything ... he just started shooting . "
afghan anger kept u.s. agents from killing scene naim and his two sons were among the survivors of the march 11 , 2012 , rampage that military prosecutors allege was carried out by army staff sgt. robert bales .
naim 's testimony came amid the fifth day of an evidentiary hearing to determine whether there is enough evidence to support the military 's case against bales , who faces 16 counts of premeditated murder and six counts of attempted murder in the predawn attack .
bales has not entered a plea in the case , though his attorneys have said bales suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder and suffered a traumatic brain injury during a prior deployment to iraq .
london , england ( cnn ) -- troubled pop star amy winehouse spent the night in a london hospital after suffering a reaction to a medication she was taking at home monday night , according to her spokeswoman .
amy winehouse 's husband was recently jailed for 27 months .
tracey miller said she could not say what medication was involved .
a statement from university college hospital said winehouse had been kept in overnight for observation .
she had a comfortable night and was released tuesday morning , the statement said .
london ambulance service said it transported the singer after being notified of " an adult female taken unwell . "
winehouse 's spokesman in london , chris goodman , told the british press association that he had not been told what was wrong with the 24-year-old singer , who is well known for her song " rehab , " describing the singer 's reluctance to enter a clinic .
the pop singer was investigated this year after a london tabloid made public a leaked home video that showed her smoking something in a glass pipe minutes after she was heard saying she had just taken six tablets of the anti-anxiety drug valium .
police declined to file charges .
winehouse won five grammy awards this year -- three for " rehab " as well as album of the year and best new artist .
winehouse 's grammy winning album , " back to black , " is still a big seller , recently charting at no. 12 in the uk more than 19 months after its release .
( cnn ) -- if you can believe it , it 's been 25 years since edward james olmos portrayed real-life math teacher jaime escalante in " stand and deliver . "
escalante , a bolivian immigrant , taught in a tough east l.a. high school and pushed his lowest-achieving students to learn calculus .
the inspirational role won olmos a golden globe and garnered him an academy award nomination for best actor , a first for an american-born latino .
since then , he 's played memorable roles , such as lt. martin castillo in " miami vice , " abraham quintanilla in the film " selena " and william adama in " battlestar galactica . "
now , in his newest role as executive producer and actor in " filly brown , " he plays lawyer named leandro who tries to help mexican-american hip-hop artist maria jose ' majo ' tonorio , aka filly brown , and her family get her mom out of jail .
the late jenni rivera plays the part of majo 's mother marã­a and lou diamond philips plays the father who takes care of majo and her younger sister .
it 's been 25 years since " stand and deliver " premiered in theaters .
did you ever imagine that the movie would be so successful and influential as it 's been ?
i do n't think anyone could 've predicted that .
millions of kids see it every year .
that 's why the movie is so well seen .
it 's amazing what that movie has done with the youth .
i do n't think anyone could have guessed that it would be used the way it 's being used .
it continues to be inspirational .
( cnn ) -- risking their lives to help disadvantaged afghans became almost a norm for tom and libby little .
" we raised our three daughters through what was , at times , just hell , " libby little said .
" a hundred rockets a day was a good day . "
family members lived underground to avoid bombings , she said .
yet they stayed out of a love for the people and a passion for providing eye care for the needy .
but violence prevailed on thursday .
tom little , a new york optometrist , was among 10 people killed by gunmen in badakhshan , a remote northeastern region of the country .
the mostly foreign members of a medical team were robbed and shot one-by-one on a remote road .
their bodies were transferred to kabul early sunday , authorities said .
the taliban claimed responsibility for the attack .
" our daughters are missing him terribly .
but i think their feeling is , too , that this is a real passion that he had . "
more than 400 people gathered sunday at loudonville community church in loudonville , new york , to honor little .
the church supported his trip financially and emotionally .
" four weeks ago , tom little stood right here , " an emotional stan key , senior pastor , told the congregation .
the church had printed wednesday in its weekly worship guide , " praise the lord that tom 's ministry in conducting outpatient clinics ... in a remote village was successful .
god protected tom and his team . "
key said he decided to leave it in the guide even after hearing the news of little 's death .
( cnn ) -- a man stranded after his car plunged down a steep embankment in the angeles national forest survived for six days by eating leaves and drinking water from a creek , authorities said friday .
lavau , who is partially disabled , told authorities that he spent the first night in his car .
" the next morning , he exited his vehicle and observed another vehicle adjacent to his own with a deceased male driver behind the wheel , " the report said .
" the deceased appeared to have been there for some time . "
authorities say they have not identified the dead driver .
the case began to unfold on september 23 , when lavau failed to return home .
lavau 's family began searching for him when he failed to return home , driving the route and stopping at all the curves in the road from castaic to his home in lake hughes .
while lavau 's family searched for him , he " remained at the bottom of the hill surviving on leaves and water from a nearby creek , " the report said .
lavau 's son , sean , found his father after hearing " faint yells for help on the roadway from the canyon below , " according to the report .
sean lavau hiked to the bottom of the canyon to find his father , the report said .
the los angeles county fire department rescued lavau and his son from the ravine .
lavau was taken to an area hospital where he was treated for moderate injuries , the report said .
london ( cnn ) -- jurre hermans , the 11-year-old dutch boy who entered the â £ 250,000 ( $ 400,000 ) wolfson economics prize with a pizza-based plan for saving the eurozone , did so because he had an idea and the winnings sounded " very attractive , " he told cnn .
jurre received a â  ¬ 100 ( $ 131 ) gift voucher and special mention when the prize shortlist was announced tuesday for his detailed entry -- including a picture , below -- showing how debt can be exchanged for slices of pizza .
exiting the euro : as easy as pizza ?
the euro has been under intense pressure since greece was forced to take a bail-out from its eurozone peers and the international monetary fund almost two years ago .
through his father julius , jurre told cnn he had an idea to solve the euro crisis and also thought the prize money sounded " attractive . "
jurre , the youngest entrant to the prize , proposed greece should leave the euro , with the greek people slotting their funds into a bank " exchange machine " and getting drachma -- the greek currency before the country joined the euro in 2001 -- back .
as jurre explains in his application , the bank then gives the euros to the greek government and " all these euros together form a pancake or a pizza .
now the greek government can start to pay back all their debts , everyone who has a debt gets a slice of the pizza . "
( cnn ) -- no team has ever retained the champions league title since the competition was revamped in 1992 -- but perhaps , finally , this will be the year .
karim benzema ensured real madrid 's place in the last-16 by firing his side to a 1-0 win over liverpool to make it four wins from four .
the france international netted a 27th minute winner after real was made to work hard against a much-changed visiting side .
cristiano ronaldo , who wasted a number of opportunities , was left frustrated after failing to overturn raul 's champions league goals record .
ronaldo remains on 70 , one behind raul , while his chief rival , barcelona 's lionel messi , plays tomorrow .
messi , who has 69 , faces ajax in amsterdam on wednesday and could leapfrog the portugal star .
real 's 12th successive victory was more labored than most would have expected given the side 's previous encounter .
a fortnight ago , real rolled into anfield , a venue where it had never managed a victory , and blew liverpool away within first 41 minutes of the contest .
led by ronaldo , real scored three times in the first half before playing out the remainder of the contest in second gear .
since then , real has continued its fine form , defeating barcelona in the clasico and extending its winning streak to 11 games in succession .
since the departure of luis suarez to barcelona , liverpool , which finished second in the premier league last season , has endured a dismal period in which the success of last year appears nothing but a distant memory .
( cnn ) -- his name is abdullah x. his slogan : " mind of a scholar , heart of a warrior . "
it is a story that its creator , a former extremist who spoke to cnn on condition of anonymity , knows all too well .
" i was struggling with my own identity and sense of belonging when i was growing up -- issues around self-esteem and confidence , and where you fit in with regards to your britishness or your muslimness , " ahmed , as he asked to be called for this story , told cnn .
ahmed said he spent years helping to spread and vocalize " extreme and harsh " worldviews in britain .
" young people -- the most vulnerable groups in society -- were caught between government policy perspectives on how you combat terrorism and extremism , and this wall of shame and denial from within communities .
i felt that we needed something that was going to be innovative and engaging . "
so he created abdullah x , the eponymous star of the series and an animated alter-ego that mirrors ahmed 's own journey from former extremist to someone who now hopes to steer young muslims away from violence and extreme views .
( cnn ) -- veronica campbell-brown knows a thing or two about upsetting the odds .
after being spotted running barefoot at a school sports day , campbell-brown burst on to the track and field scene when she won silver as part of jamaica 's 4x100 meters sprint team at the 2000 sydney olympics .
she went on to win gold in the 200 meters at both the 2004 athens and 2008 beijing olympics .
now she faces her toughest test at her fourth games .
cnn photos : on the fringe of an olympic dream if she emerges triumphant at london 's olympic stadium in august , she will be the first person in history to win three consecutive gold medals in the distance .
she is in good form too .
last year she ran the 100 meters in 10.76 seconds , the second quickest time in history .
cnn 's human to hero caught up with the trelawny-born sprinter -- who hails from the same jamaican parish that has given the world champion men 's sprinter usain bolt -- to talk about london 2012 , her rivals and why a third gold would be the icing on the cake .
it helped me be very competitive , strong and independent , " campbell-brown said .
" i used to race the boys and win .
so i knew i had a special gift and should work on improving it .
robert freeman photographed and designed the fab four 's second to sixth album covers and was the group 's favored snapper for three years between 1963 and 1966 in their early and middle stages of fame .
freeman also traveled with the band on their momentous first tour of usa in 1964 when beatlemania first spread across the atlantic .
freeman , who is now in his 70s and lives near seville in spain , sold his entire beatles collection to rock 'n' roll photo curator and agent raj prem many years ago .
the 58-year-old londoner has put up a solo exhibition of freeman 's work at snap galleries in piccadilly arcade , london .
" someone gave me freeman 's number in spain and i contacted him and flew over to see him , " prem says .
the increasing scarcity of the prints is making them go up in value all the time , " he adds .
" i did not know when i bought them that they would go up because i was at the beginning of my career -- i had no idea at all , " says prem .
freeman made no more than 25 editions of each print and many editions are now almost sold out .
he is not making any more prints , so for some of the photos on sale , there is just one example left -- signed and numbered by him .
( cnn ) john isner could not keep the united states in the davis cup on sunday , so it was likely small consolation that his incredible tennis milestone remained unbeaten .
while the american lost to andy murray in scotland , putting great britain into the quarterfinals of the prestigious teams event , halfway across the world an absorbing battle was playing out between two of south america 's most bitter rivals .
for six hour and 43 minutes , leonardo mayer and joao souza contested the second-longest singles match in tennis history -- and third longest of any format after a seven-hour doubles clash between switzerland and the czech republic in 2013 .
mayer eventually triumphed , after his 11th match point , winning 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 7-6 ( 7-5 ) 5-7 5-7 15-13 in front of a delirious home crowd in buenos aires to send the tie to a deciding rubber .
it set the scene for federico delbonis to take on brazil 's thomaz bellucci in the decider -- with the winner to earn a clash with novak djokovic 's serbia , a 5-0 victor over balkan rival croatia .
the match will resume on monday .
meanwhile , back in glasgow , the british team celebrated after earning a home quarterfinal clash with france on july 17-19 , the weekend after the completion of wimbledon .
rome ( cnn ) -- the captain of the costa concordia did not " fall " into a lifeboat after the ship hit rocks , as he contends , a crew member testified .
as part of his defense for the abandoning ship charge , schettino has maintained that by the time he left the crippled vessel , the inclination made it impossible to stay on the ship .
he told the court at a hearing in october that the ship was literally falling on top of him and he fell into the lifeboat .
the ship ended up lying on its side .
interactive : how ill-fated cruise liner was raised from italian seabed iannelli , who followed schettino off the ship , testified monday that he did not see passengers when they left the vessel , even though more than 1,000 people were later rescued from the ship .
in a taped conversation between the captain and the port authority in livorno , the port authority ordered schettino to " get back on board " while passengers were still being rescued from the other side of the ship .
schettino , who admits that he was in command when the ship veered off course and hit the rocks , also blames a malfunction of the ship 's watertight doors for making the situation worse .
his defense lawyers say that created a new emergency after the initial accident .
beijing ( cnn ) -- anyone interested in world affairs , chinese diplomacy and china 's future should know more about xi jinping .
xi ( pronounced " shee " ) , china 's vice president , will be visiting the united states this month for meetings at the white house in washington and will travel to other cities .
" the visit is important to boost his stature at home -- here is the man the u.s. takes seriously , and he can deal with them on our behalf , " says anthony saich , a china expert at the harvard kennedy school .
the same approach was taken with hu jintao before he took over . "
xi , 58 , is in line to be china 's next paramount leader .
he is expected to succeed hu when his second term ends in autumn this year and could rule china for 10 years .
some key information about him :  he comes from a clique known as " princelings , " sons and daughters of revolutionary veterans .
his father , xi zhongxun , was a revolutionary hero who was banished during the cultural revolution .
 when his father was in limbo , xi spent time as a teenager doing manual labor in china 's countryside and went on to become a local party chief .
 he holds chemical engineering and law degrees from the prestigious tsinghua university , the alma mater of hu and other senior leaders .
 he served in the people 's liberation army as an officer in the general office department and assistant to the chief of the policy-making central military commission .
( cnn ) -- greg mortenson , under fire for allegedly fabricating details in his best-seller " three cups of tea , " agreed in a settlement to give the charity he co-founded more than $ 1 million , nearly a year after montana 's attorney general began investigating the organization 's financial affairs .
the report issued thursday notes the " accusations of inaccuracies and falsehoods in the narratives " of his books " were not the subject " of the investigation .
under the terms of the deal , mortenson must repay more than $ 1 million to the charity within three years .
this comes after state investigators determined mortenson was " double-dipping " when he did n't reimburse the institute for travel expenses he got from sponsors .
their report also stated he did not pay the charity promised royalties and charged it " substantial personal expenses " -- like " l.l. bean clothing , itunes , luggage , luxurious accommodations and even vacations . "
" when employees challenged him by attempting to get him to provide documentation to substantiate expenditures or otherwise to comply with sound management practices , he resisted and/or ignored them , " the report 's authors wrote .
" some of them ended up leaving . "
while he can remain an employee of the central asia institute , mortenson can " no longer oversee financial aspects of the charity or serve as a voting member of the board of directors , " according to the attorney general 's office .
its interim director , anne beyersdorfer , a " longtime family friend of mortenson , " will eventually give way to a new chief executive , bullock told reporters thursday .
( cnn ) -- a lawsuit has been filed claiming that the iconic led zeppelin song " stairway to heaven " was far from original .
the copyright infringement case alleges that the zeppelin song was taken from the single " taurus " by the 1960s band spirit , for whom california served as lead guitarist .
" late in 1968 , a then new band named led zeppelin began touring in the united states , opening for spirit , " the suit states .
" it was during this time that jimmy page , led zeppelin 's guitarist , grew familiar with ' taurus ' and the rest of spirit 's catalog .
page stated in interviews that he found spirit to be ' very good ' and that the band 's performances struck him ' on an emotional level . ' "
one of the causes of action for the suit is listed as " falsification of rock n ' roll history " and the typeface in the section headings of the filing resembles that used for led zeppelin album covers .
according to claims in the suit , " parts of ' stairway to heaven , ' instantly recognizable to the music fans across the world , sound almost identical to significant portions of ' taurus . ' "
part of the defense includes a printed interview conducted with california prior to his death from drowning in 1997 .
in the 1997 interview with listener magazine , the guitarist claims that some of the music from " stairway to heaven " was taken from his group 's song .
new york ( cnn ) -- a new york man arrested in connection with the stabbing of two children in brooklyn may be linked to another stabbing in a manhattan subway , a law enforcement official told cnn thursday .
police believe daniel st. hubert , 27 , was out on parole when he stabbed two young children inside an elevator -- killing one of them .
he was arrested around the same time that chief of detectives robert boyce identified st. hubert by name for the first time as the suspect in the attack .
detectives were obtaining evidence thursday that could link him to a fatal stabbing on the subway in the chelsea neighborhood of manhattan , the official said .
the most recent instance was may 23 , when , boyce said .
st. hubert was released on parole in connection to a domestic assault case .
for reasons authorities have n't yet explained , the two children were stabbed -- both in the torso .
pj avitto was transported to a nearby hospital , where he was pronounced dead .
( cnn ) -- closing arguments were made friday in the trial of steven hayes , the man accused of killing three members of a connecticut family in a 2007 home invasion .
jurors are expected to begin deliberations as early as midday monday .
the home of dr. william petit , his wife jennifer hawke-petit , and two daughters was invaded in the middle of the night by hayes and co-defendant joshua komisarjevsky , prosecutors say .
" we 've reached the point where very shortly this case will be in your hands , " he told jurors .
" i doubt you could have comprehended how horrendous this evidence would be . "
earlier in the week , a trial witness -- a connecticut prison officer -- testified that he overheard hayes confess to another inmate that he killed hawke-petit .
hayes said he had tied the father in the basement of the home himself , and that he doubted he could have gotten loose without help from komisarjevsky , the witness -- jeremiah krob -- testified .
seconds later , a video shows the officer behind him grab the 350-pound man in a chokehold and pull him to the sidewalk , rolling him onto his stomach .
" i ca n't breathe !
garner said repeatedly , his cries muffled into the pavement .
the video of the thursday skirmish shows the staten island man lying on the ground motionless after the incident .
an asthmatic , garner was later declared dead at a nearby hospital , according to cnn affiliate wcbs .
police said he suffered a heart attack and died en route to the hospital .
" this is a terrible tragedy that occurred yesterday .
a terrible tragedy that no family should have to experience , " said new york mayor bill de blasio , calling the video of the incident " very troubling . "
police told wcbs that 43-year-old garner , a father of six , had a lengthy criminal history and had been previously arrested for selling untaxed cigarettes in may .
the chokehold tactic is prohibited by the nypd .
two emts and two paramedics have been suspended without pay , erika hellstrom , vice president of development at richmond university medical center , said in an e-mail .
in a statement , patrolmen 's benevolent association president patrick j. lynch called pantaleo 's reassignment " a completely unwarranted , kneejerk reaction for political reasons . "
he said the move " effectively pre-judges this case and denies the officer the very benefit of a doubt that has long been part of the social contract that allows police officers to face the risks of this difficult and complex job . "
( cnn ) -- maria sharapova was forced to call on all her resilience to ensure her place in the semifinals of the french open tuesday .
the world no. 8 endured a nightmare opening set , losing it 6-1 to spain 's garbine muguruza , before launching an impressive fightback .
sharapova , who was beaten in last year 's final , won the second set 7-5 before taking the decider 6-1 .
the russian , who won at roland garros in 2012 , will now face canada 's rising star eugenie bouchard .
" i came across a player playing with such confidence and i knew it was going to be a tough match , " sharapova told the wta website .
" i had a tough start but luckily i had a good finish .
" she was playing so aggressive at the start , but also i was n't really helping myself with my movement or serving . "
sharapova , seeded seventh , made a dreadful start to the contest and fell 4-0 behind before finally winning a game .
after conceding the first set , she slowly got to grips with 21-year-old muguruza , who was playing in her first ever grand slam quarterfinal .
there was heartbreak for another spaniard in the other quarterfinal after carla suarez navarro threw away a 4-1 advantage in the final set .
bouchard , ranked 16th in the world , appeared to be heading out of the tournament but fought back to take the match 7-6 2-6 7-5 .
it is a second successive grand slam semifinal for bouchard , who was beaten in straight sets by li na at the australian open earlier this year .
( cnn ) -- jason day nearly pulled out of the world cup of golf after learning he had lost eight relatives to typhoon haiyan in the philippines .
after finishing with a final round 70 for 10-under at royal melbourne , day said his filipino mother dening and his sisters had been in this thoughts throughout the event .
they were in the gallery to watch the 24-year-old hold off thomas bjorn of denmark by two shots in a tense final round .
day lost his grandmother , an uncle and six cousins in the november 8 tragedy and he said that both he and world no. 2 scott would assist with the relief program .
" we will definitely be giving some money or raising money and trying to raise awareness to what has really happened over there .
" to have that lead going into sunday with all that stuff going on , to finally finish off and hit a great shot into 18 like i did and to win like that was a very big move in my golfing career . "
( cnn ) -- is it just harmless fun , or is something seriously wrong developing in sporting relations between spain and france ?
now nadal is at the center of another row , sparked by a comedy program on french channel canal plus that spoofed the 25-year-old and cycling champion alberto contador , who was this week stripped of his 2010 tour de france title and banned after a long-running doping saga .
the spanish government is so upset it has told its ambassador to france to send a written protest to french media , including the offending channel .
and the spanish tennis federation has responded by threatening a lawsuit .
the french show , called " les guignols " ( the puppets ) , features lifelike representations of nadal , contador and spain 's world cup-winning football captain iker casillas among others .
they are shown writing in books with syringes , and in one scene the muscular nadal puppet fills up its car 's petrol tank from its own bladder .
( cnn ) -- defending champion serena williams overcame a gutsy display from jelena jankovic on saturday to reach the final of the wta championships in istanbul .
the world no. 1 was forced to work hard against her serbian opponent in the sinan erdem dome , but eventually came through to win in three sets 6-4 , 2-6 , 6-4 to set up a showdown with china 's li na in sunday 's final .
williams started slowly and was soon 3-1 down but fought back to take the opening set .
but any thoughts of a quick finish were dashed as errors crept into the american 's game .
jankovic took full advantage winning the set with ease .
a more composed serena returned in the deciding set which she won 6-4 but not before jankovic had gamely saved three match points .
i think my body 's a little tired after so many matches -- i think yesterday i kind of hit a wall .
but i 'm just fighting out here , " williams said .
" honestly i 'm just happy to still be in the tournament , and i 'm honoured to be in the final again . "
li had already broken new ground by becoming the first chinese woman to reach the semifinals of the wta championships , but by beating kvitova , she has risen to world no. 3 and becomes the highest ranked asian women in history .
dubai , united arab emirates ( cnn ) -- a british couple convicted for having sex on a public beach in dubai will not face jail after a judge suspended their prison sentences , their lawyer said tuesday .
file image of one of the co-accused -- vince acors -- arriving at court in dubai in september .
hassan mattar , one of their lawyers , said he was trying to get permission for palmer -- who worked in dubai -- to stay in the united arab emirates , and for acors to travel back to britain .
acors had been on a business trip to dubai when he was arrested .
the united arab emirates , where dubai is located , is home to thousands of expatriates and is among the most moderate gulf states .
still , the oil-rich kingdom adheres to certain islamic rules .
palmer and acors were arrested on a public beach shortly after midnight on july 5 .
a court found them guilty in october and fined them 1,000 dirhams ( $ 367 ) for the charge of public indecency .
both denied they had intercourse .
and during the trial , mattar argued that the public prosecutor failed to produce corroborative evidence against his clients on the first two charges , though he said both tested positive for liquor .
more than a million british visitors traveled to the uae in 2006 , and more than 100,000 british nationals live there , according to the british foreign office .
an arm , legs , underwear , dark jeans and size 5 ½ air jordan sneakers turned up on the queens side of the east river .
the jeans and shoes were the same size of avonte oquendo , an autistic 14-year-old last seen last fall walking unsupervised out of his school .
on tuesday -- five days after those body parts and scraps of clothing were found -- vanessa fontaine learned that dna tests proved her son 's remains indeed had been found .
her lawyer said that fontaine has been stoic , strong , focused and hopeful throughout this ordeal .
but after police told her the news on tuesday , " she finally just broke down ... just crying and crying . "
" i kept saying , vanessa , say it again , " david perecman said of his muddled phone conversation .
( the police ) came .
so ended not just her family 's search for the teenager , but that of the united states ' most populated city .
missing teen 's fascination with trains shifts search the most poignant , most personal part of the search was fontaine 's recorded voice that was broadcast from patrol cars and other search vehicles .
avonte could n't communicate verbally and had the mental capacity of a 7 - or 8-year-old .
but fontaine hoped that he would hear her and head toward a police car 's flashing lights to safety .
( cnn ) -- andres iniesta could miss spain 's opening game at the world cup after suffering a thigh injury in a warm-up match .
the barcelona midfielder set up two goals for spain in their emphatic 6-0 win over poland in murcia on monday , but was substituted after just 39 minutes .
iniesta missed a large chunk of barcelona 's season with a thigh complaint , but team doctors insisted the injury was only minor .
" we substituted him because he had some discomfort in the back part of the thigh , " spain 's team doctor dr oscar celada was quoted as saying by the uk press association .
" he did n't notice any tear and it has not got any worse .
it was at the start of the match and as he was n't comfortable , we made the change - it 's a minor muscle injury .
" we will calmly carry out tests on wednesday , but we can initially rule out any muscle tear .
it 's a minor injury , but we have to take precautions , " he added .
two of spain 's other injury doubts , arsenal midfielder cesc fabregas and liverpool striker fernando torres , both came on a substitutes against poland -- and scored -- as they look to step up their fitness .
it was torres ' first action since playing for liverpool against portuguese side benfica back in april .
" it was almost two months without playing since the benfica game and i was really keen to come back , " he said after the match .
" they have let me play for a while today and it was great to go out there and score . "
( cnn ) -- nicklas bendtner scored a hat-trick as a rampant arsenal side thrashed porto 5-0 at the emirates to reach the quarterfinals of the champions league on tuesday .
danish international bendtner had been widely criticized for missing a host of chances in arsenal 's 3-1 premier league win over burnley on saturday -- however , he was in the right place at the right time twice in the first-half as the londonders comfortably overturned their 2-1 first leg deficit .
the opening goal came in the 10th minute when bendtner was on hand to fire into an empty net after goalkeeper helton had rushed out to block the on-coming andrey arshavin .
and he doubled the lead 15 minutes later after more good work from russian arshavin , who evaded two challenges on the edge of the area before crossing for the striker to comfortably slot home .
porto came out with more determination after the break but were hit by two goals in the space of three minutes around the hour mark .
first , frenchman samir nasir produced a moment of breathtaking skill and fast foot-work to dance around three porto challenges before firing past helton from an acute angle .
then , with their portuguese opponents chasing the game , arshavin collected the ball on the break after a porto corner was cleared .
( cnn ) -- here 's something shocking .
democrats and republicans totally disagree about the significance of the gop 's victory in the first major competitive congressional ballot box test of 2014 .
republican candidate david jolly narrowly edged out democrat alex sink to win tuesday 's special election in florida 's 13th congressional district .
jolly will fill out the term of his former boss , longtime republican rep. bill young , who died in october .
republicans win first election showdown of the year the race was consistently in the spotlight with national republicans framing the election as a referendum on obamacare .
and i think it sets the tone for what 's coming in the fall , " rep. greg walden of oregon , the chairman of the national republican congressional committee , told cnn wednesday .
" special elections are not indicators of the future .
they never have been .
they never will be .
and certainly this is not an indicator of the future , " rep. steve israel , the dccc chairman , told reporters .
wearing a bulletproof vest , timothy burns appeared in copiah county justice court .
he said he has no lawyer , so one will be appointed to him .
no bond was set .
he 's being held in the deaths of atira hughes-smith and jaidon hill .
there 's no indication the suspect had anything against the three victims , the sheriff noted , nor that he even knew them .
" we do n't think there is ( a relationship ) , " jones said .
the seeming randomness of the crime makes the deaths all the more inexplicable to loved ones , as well as to neighbors in the city of brandon they called home .
as vinson jenkins , hughes-smith 's cousin , said : " we do n't know why anybody would want to do any harm to them . "
the family was last seen friday in a car that was later found flipped and on fire .
was he alone at the time ?
jones said he has " no way of knowing that right now . "
louisville , kentucky ( cnn ) -- a secret audio recording of their biggest election year target -- sen. mitch mcconnell -- talking to a donor summit arranged by the koch brothers , the democrats ' 2014 bogeymen .
democrats pushed " the nation " story around online with frenetic glee .
mcconnell 's democratic challenger for his kentucky seat , alison lundergan grimes , could n't wait to whack him on it , telling cnn in an exclusive interview that " mitch mcconnell got caught in his 47 % mitt romney moment . "
" i think it shows the extent and the lengths he will go to to pander to his party millionaires and billionaires at the expense of hurting kentuckians , " grimes told cnn .
the problem with the democrats ' argument is that romney 's 47 % moment was only a moment because he was saying to donors in private something he would never have dared to utter in public : " forty-seven percent who are with him , who are dependent upon government , who believe that they are victims , who believe that government has a responsibility to care for them , who believe that they are entitled to health care , to food , to housing , to you name it .
but unlike romney , what mcconnell said to the koch brothers are things he has said in public , and more importantly , his comments mirror positions he has publicly backed with actual senate votes : opposition to democrats ' plans to increase the minimum wage , extend unemployment insurance and make student loans more affordable through the tax system .
( cnn ) -- tjaart van der walt will seek to upstage two of his most illustrious golfing compatriots and win his first professional tournament at the africa open on sunday .
the 37-year-old goes into the final round tied for the lead with 2010 british open champion louis oosthuizen and one shot ahead of two-time u.s. open winner retief goosen after carding a superb eight-under-par 65 in east london on saturday .
van der walt , who finished second in a 2005 u.s. pga tour event , eliminated oosthuizen 's two-shot overnight lead as he started with four successive birdies and -- like his fellow south african -- picked up a shot at the final hole .
the world no. 347 's only blemish at his home event came at the par-four eighth hole , and he was confident he could contend for his first title since turning pro in 1996 in the opening event of the 2012 european tour season .
" at the end of the day , the golf ball does n't know that they are major champions , " he said of his rivals .
" i 've played at the highest level , i 've never won majors or big events , so who knows what can happen .
" i do feel as if i am controlling the golf ball as well as i have in a long time .
not just tee to green , but on the greens as well .
and that 's a good sign for me .
i 'm entitled to forget the one bad shot i hit all day . "
defending champion oosthuizen 's only lapse came at the par-five 11th hole as he took four shots to reach the green .
new york ( cnn ) -- a pretrial hearing is scheduled for friday in the case of a former rutgers university student who allegedly used a web cam to stream footage of his roommate 's sexual encounter with another man .
dharun ravi faces a 15-count indictment , which includes hate crime charges , in connection with the death of his roommate , tyler clementi .
clementi killed himself after the incident , jumping from the george washington bridge between new york and new jersey .
last month , ravi turned down a plea deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time .
" you want to know why he 's rejected the plea ? "
his attorney , steven altman , said in december .
" simple principle of law , simple principle of life -- he 's innocent .
he 's not guilty .
" ravi is a citizen of india who was studying in the u.s. legally .
the deal offered by middlesex county prosecutors would have required ravi , 19 , to undergo 600 hours of community service , counseling and to dispose of any information that could identify the man that clementi was with .
a second student charged in the scandal , molly wei , 19 , reached a plea deal and that requires her testify against ravi .
less than a month after clementi 's suicide , president barack obama released a taped video message condemning bullying .
renacimiento , mexico ( cnn ) -- as raging floodwaters swept away half of his timber shack , saturnino medina climbed to the roof .
he pointed thursday to the place where river waters broke through a container wall and washed away his kitchen .
medina and his family have almost nothing left now , after the wind and rain of manuel hit the town of renacimiento , located about 20 km northeast of the resort city of acapulco .
days after the storm made landfall as a tropical depression in the mexican state of guerrero , thousands of tourists are still trapped in acapulco and thousands of families are struggling to recover .
medina and his family were left to eat eggs and tortillas donated by neighbors and drink expired cartons of juice they found in a nearby trash dumpster .
so far , he said , they have n't gotten any government aid .
" the truth is , i do n't even know what to tell you , " he said .
" the government ignores us .
they help everyone else , but they 've forgotten about renacimiento . "
rescue efforts continued throughout the country thursday .
in one guerrero town ravaged by a mudslide , authorities said 68 people remained unaccounted for .
( cnn ) -- alfonso ribeiro did n't make us wait long before he revived " the carlton " on " dancing with the stars . "
on monday night , the former " fresh prince of bel air " star dusted off his old familiar moves in week four of the competition .
the theme of the week was " most memorable year , " and " dancing " saved the best for last .
the judges were thrilled , giving the couple a perfect score .
ribeiro acknowledged that playing will smith 's dorkier cousin during " fresh prince 's " six-season run in the '90s did leave him pigeonholed as an actor , but he has no grudge against the dance that 's come to bear his character 's name .
" i love the carlton dance .
but i love the fact that people have this nostalgic look at that dance .
... this was all for the fans . "
viewers have n't been as overjoyed with fashion designer betsey johnson 's performance .
john henson -- a son of the late , great children 's entertainment visionary jim henson -- died after a " sudden , massive heart attack , " his family 's company said .
the jim henson company announced the death of the 48-year-old son of its iconic founder in a facebook post saturday .
he died friday while at home with one of his two daughters , the post said .
john henson is also survived by his wife , gyongyi , and his siblings lisa , cheryl , brian and heather .
two other members of his family had top jobs in their father 's namesake company , with brian henson as chairman and lisa henson as ceo .
john henson is listed prominently as one of five members of " the henson family " on the company 's website .
according to imdb.com , john henson was active in the family business in the 1980s , 1990s and 2000s , perhaps most notably for his portrayal of sweetums , a large , gruff-looking , lovable character on " the muppets . "
last april , john 's mother , jane nabel henson -- who met jim in a puppetry class at the university of maryland in 1954 and married him five years later -- died at the age of 79 after a " long battle with cancer . "
jane henson dies of cancer
( cnn ) -- the funeral service for " sopranos " actor james gandolfini will be held thursday in manhattan , a family friend told cnn on sunday .
gandolfini , who was on a working vacation in rome , died wednesday .
an autopsy determined his death was the result of a heart attack , according to michael kobold , the family friend .
the actor 's remains are scheduled to leave rome on monday and arrive in the united states the same evening , kobold said .
the service will be held at 10 a.m. thursday at the cathedral church of st. john the divine in manhattan .
" on behalf of the gandolfini family , i would like to thank the italian authorities for all of the assistance they have rendered in expediting the formalities necessary to repatriate james gandolfini 's remains to the united states , " kobold said .
we sincerely thank you . "
the 51-year-old actor arrived in rome with his son , michael gandolfini , a day before he died .
" jim was happy , he was healthy , he was doing really fine , " kobold said .
" he was on vacation with his son .
he has an 8-month-old daughter .
i just spoke to him on father 's day . "
the same day gandolfini died , he had visited the vatican and dined with his son , the family said .
after he returned to his room , his son alerted hotel staff that he was not answering knocks on the bathroom door .
( cnn ) -- when hugh jackman first called his director for " the wolverine , " james mangold told him that he had had an inspiration after reading the script .
mangold wanted to make the set-in-japan film similar to " the outlaw josey wales " by making the mutant a josey wales with healing powers .
jackman had n't seen the classic clint eastwood film , so mangold sent him a copy .
" i felt like tonally , it would give him a clue of what i was talking about , " the director said .
the director started thinking about the deep affinity between gun-slinging westerns and swordfighting samurai films .
mangold thought that drawing upon both of them would help " the wolverine " stand apart from the rest of the x-men series .
this installment takes place after " x-men : the last stand , " as wolverine retreats from killing the love of his life , jean grey/dark phoenix , and heads to japan .
it is based on the comic by chris claremont and frank miller , and mangold thought of it as hugh jackman in a western in japan , without the horse .
to make sense of this movie mashup , the director tweeted images from the top ten inspirations for " the wolverine , " daring fans to identify them .
astute fans of mangold 's body of work ( which includes " cop land , " " walk the line " and " 3:10 to yuma " ) might have spotted the 1959 yasujiro ozu film " floating weeds , " since the director has cited it as one of the best films of all time as well as a major influence on his first film , " heavy . "
" ozu is the most underappreciated japanese director , in my mind , " mangold said .
" for me , the whole trip that logan takes south to the nagasaki area , it 's almost the reverse train trip that the older couple take in ' tokyo story . ' "
london ( cnn ) -- olympic star ryan lochte said friday that he tries to maintain a sense of humor and perspective despite his intense focus on swimming -- one that leaves him little time for romantic relationships or much else besides training and competing .
in an interview with cnn 's piers morgan , lochte showed off one of his grills , which he said shows " part of my personality . "
" i am taking this seriously , but there 's so much more to life than just swimming , " he said .
" that 's what i want to have people know : you know what , i 'm having fun doing this . "
still , free time for the 28-year-old -- who has been called one of the olympics ' most eligible bachelors -- has been severely limited over the past decade .
when asked " who gets more women , " he or rival and fellow american swimmer michael phelps , lochte said he does by a " 60/40 " margin .
still , the swimmer -- whose mother , ike lochte , created a media hubbub recently when she said her son only had time for " one-night stands , " which he explained had to do with sporadic dates and not sexual flings -- said it is hard for him to cultivate a long-term relationship given his training regimen .
phelps leads u.s. gold rush in pool " i am young , but that 's not me , " lochte said of one-night stands .
" i like being in relationships .
when i am in a relationship , i want to give ( a woman ) my entire heart , " he added .
" and lately i have n't been able to do that just because swimming has taken such a big role in my life . "
christian pastor youcef nadarkhani will be put to death for several charges of rape and extortion , charges that differ greatly from his original sentence of apostasy , iran 's semi-official fars news agency reported friday .
gholomali rezvani , the deputy governor of gilan province , where nadarkhani was tried and convicted , accused western media of twisting the real story , referring to him as a " rapist . "
" he is guilty of security-related crimes . "
in a translated iranian supreme court brief from 2010 , however , the charge of apostasy is the only charge leveled against nadarkhani .
it goes on to say that during the court proceeding , nadarkhani denied the prophecy of mohammad and the authority of islam .
" he ( nadarkhani ) has stated that he is a christian and no longer muslim , " states the brief .
new york ( cnn ) -- a self-described " ex-madam " who claims she supplied fellow city comptroller candidate eliot spitzer with escorts several years ago is facing charges of illegally distributing prescription drugs , authorities said .
she 's also accused of orchestrating the sale of approximately 180 oxycodone pills for cash .
the candidate was released tuesday on $ 100,000 bail , with a preliminary hearing scheduled for september 5 .
prosecutors said she will have strict pretrial supervision .
" prescription drug abuse is the fastest-growing drug problem in this country , resulting in more overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined , and this office has a zero tolerance policy towards anyone who helps to spread this plague at any level , " preet bharara , manhattan u.s. attorney , said in a statement .
she faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count , if convicted .
she told the witness she provided these drugs to people at house parties , authorities say .
an attorney for davis was could not be immediately reached for comment .
a lock-unlock lever on the doomed virgin galactic spaceshiptwo was moved earlier than it should have been , the national transportation safety board said sunday night .
but the agency 's acting chairman stressed it was unclear whether pilot error , mechanical problems or a host of other possibilities caused the spacecraft to disintegrate in the air .
" we are still a long way from finding a cause .
we are months and months away , " ntsb acting chairman christopher hart said .
and despite a debris field spanning 5 miles , investigators have found almost all the parts of the spacecraft needed for the investigation , hart said .
the accident killed co-pilot michael tyner alsbury , 39 .
a memorial fund has been set up for him .
" peter siebold , the director of flight operations at scaled composites , was piloting spaceshiptwo .
he is alert and talking with his family and doctors , " the company said in a statement .
" we remain focused on supporting the families of the two pilots and all of our employees , as well as the agencies investigating the accident . "
ntsb investigators have yet to interview siebold .
" we have not because doctors did not recommend we do an interview at this stage , " hart said .
spaceshiptwo disintegrated friday , just two minutes after the space plane separated from the jet-powered aircraft that carried it aloft .
at the time , it was about 45,000 feet above , and about 20 miles northeast , of mojave , california .
( cnn ) -- the mother of an 11-year-old boy who hanged himself after allegedly being bullied at a georgia school says her daughter also has been a victim of taunting .
masika bermudez-carrasquillo , who friday asked the white house for help in a campaign to end school bullying , said her daughter , 12 , was also recently harassed by a boy who kept referring to her dead brother .
the boy was disciplined but still taunted the girl before he was suspended and his mother withdrew him from a middle school , she said .
since then , the boy 's mom has failed to meet with her , bermudez said .
" i guess she does n't care . "
the mother , who wrote a letter to president barack obama about bullying , held a news conference friday to ask for help .
jaheem herrera was found dead in his closet in april .
" til this day , i live with that memory of seeing my son hanging in the closet ; my daughters are so hurt too , " bermudez wrote in the letter .
bermudez told cnn that jaheem , a fifth-grader , had been complaining about bullying at dunaire elementary school in dekalb county .
friday , she indicated jaheem once passed out after boys put him in a sleeper hold at the school .
administrators and others wo n't take responsibility for this and other incidents at the school , she said .
" i feel like i failed him , " bermudez said of jaheem .
a year has passed , and they keep denying it . "
two prominent newspapers this week used their editorial pages to call for mercy for intelligence leaker edward snowden , with one arguing " he deserves better than a life of permanent exile , fear and flight . "
the new york times and the guardian make the case for some sort of plea deal or clemency that would allow snowden to return to the united states from russia , where he was granted asylum .
mercy or dropped charges have occurred in past cases of other high-profile whistle-blowers , such as daniel ellsberg , the military analyst behind the leak of the pentagon papers .
but in recent years , the united states has aggressively pursued those who leak government secrets .
here 's a look at how the cases of five prominent leakers -- including snowden -- have played out : daniel ellsberg ellsberg was the military analyst who leaked the 7,000-page pentagon papers in 1971 .
the top-secret documents revealed that senior u.s. leaders , including three presidents , knew the vietnam war was an unwinnable , tragic quagmire .
further , they showed the government had lied to congress and the public about the progress of the war .
ellsberg surrendered to authorities and was charged as a spy .
all charges against him were dropped .
since then , he has lived a relatively quiet life as a respected author and lecturer .
chelsea manning u.s. army pvt. chelsea manning , who formerly went by the name bradley , was convicted of stealing and disseminating 750,000 pages of classified documents and videos to wikileaks , the online anti-secrecy group .
( cnn ) -- on north halsted street , between buckingham and roscoe in chicago , a monument stands with a plaque in honor of a brilliant thinker who is as responsible for the way we live our lives today as any person who has ever lived .
when time magazine listed him among its 100 most influential people of the 20th century , it said " that everyone who taps at a keyboard , opening a spreadsheet or a word-processing program , is working on an incarnation of a turing machine . "
a pretty high honor to say the least .
and yet in 1952 , while filing a robbery report with the police , turing -- the man whose algorithms cracked the enigma code used by the nazis in world war ii -- found himself arrested at his home in england .
his crime ?
being gay .
turing was convicted of " gross indecency , " a felony in britain at that time .
he was forced to choose between prison and being injected with female hormones , a form of chemical castration .
despite his accomplishments , he lost his job .
and in june 1954 , he lost his will to live .
he was 41 .
if the western world is somewhat haunted by what steve jobs might have accomplished had cancer not taken him from us , we should be downright tormented by what we lost from the senseless excommunication of his predecessor .
( cnn ) -- african football champions tp mazembe have been thrown out of the continent 's champions league competition after fielding an ineligible player .
tanzanian team simba complained after the congolese side included defender janvier bokungu in a second-round tie , which mazembe won after triumphing in both legs .
mazembe then beat morocco 's widad de casablanca in the third round to reach the group stages of the tournament , which the club also won in 2009 .
the confederation of african football said in a statement on saturday that simba and widad would play off at a neutral venue next week , with the winning team to take mazembe 's place in the eight-club group phase starting in july .
" the findings of the investigation were submitted to the organizing committee for caf interclubs competitions .
based on those findings , the committee decided to disqualify tp mazembe on the basis of chapter viii ( fraud ) , article 24 , article 26 ( qualification of players ) and article 29 of orange caf champions league regulations . "
simba had complained that the 22-year-old bokungu was still contracted to tunisian team esperance , where he moved from mazembe in 2007 .
he has played at international level for the democratic republic of congo .
football team owner determined to rebuild congo
( people.com ) -- for nearly three years , the hit tlc show " toddlers & tiaras " has captured the drama behind the scenes in the world of child beauty pageants .
the tantrums were extreme , and the pre-show prep of spray tanning and eyebrow waxing seemed perhaps premature for little kids .
" little girls are supposed to play with dolls , not be dolls , " new york-based licensed clinical social worker mark sichel tells people in its new issue .
he adds that the extremes parents go to in order to prepare their children for competition -- using padding , fake hair , flippers ( faux teeth ) and spray tans -- " causes the children tremendous confusion , wondering why they are not okay without those things . "
wendy dickey , who dressed her daughter paisley , 3 , as julia roberts , tells people the look was " tasteful and funny . "
still , " if i knew there would be a reaction like this , i never would have used it , " dickey says .
" next time , she 'll be dressed as an angel . "
and juana myers , whose daughter makenzie has been featured on tiaras , says unfair scrutiny has been placed on the pageant industry .
" if this were a sport , no one would question it , " she says .
" first there was mj , then there was heavy d and now whitney , " said shaun jones , 47 , of titusville , florida , adding that he jumped out of bed in disbelief when he heard news of houston 's death .
rapper heavy d died last year , as did nick ashford , who was one half of the motown duo ashford and simpson .
" it 's shocking ... all these people are legends .
it 's crazy . "
pop icons such as houston enjoyed staggering success through the 1980s and into the 1990s , and served as role models to a generation of singers today .
" icons from that era stood out , " jones said .
" they had distinct voices -- i can always tell when a song is by whitney -- they made music back then . "
houston was a " hero for gen x black girls , " said cnn ireporter tessa jackson of new orleans .
she said when she was " a black teenager going to a predominantly white high school in california , whitney was my style icon and hero ... she made me and other girls like me feel like we did n't have to be blonde and blue-eyed to be beautiful and admired .
( cnn ) -- when elizabeth joice found out that she was pregnant , she and her husband , max , were ecstatic .
a fertility specialist had told her that this would never happen , max says , because of the chemotherapy elizabeth underwent to beat sarcoma in 2010 .
" it very much felt like a miracle , " he says .
then , one month into her pregnancy , elizabeth 's cancer returned , he says .
because an mri 's contrast dyes may damage a developing fetus , she faced a difficult decision .
" we felt that if we terminated this pregnancy and did these scans , if it turned out that there was no evidence of this disease after the scans , then we would have possibly given up our only chance at having a child naturally and would have done it for nothing , " max said .
shortly after becoming pregnant , elizabeth was introduced to filmmaker christopher henze .
" it took about three minutes to realize that liz was a stellar human being , and i wanted her for my movie , " henze said .
" i was impressed by the way she looked at cancer as another problem to be solved . "
steve williams , woods ' caddy and confidant for nearly a decade , talked to new zealand 's tv3 about the scandal .
i knew nothing . "
williams said he 's heard the calls from some that he should be fired for not preventing woods ' downfall .
" in some people 's perception , i 'm involved with it , and i 've committed a crime or done wrong , " he said .
" if the shoe was on somebody else , i would say the same thing , it would be very difficult for the caddy not to know , " he said .
williams ' wife , kirsty , defended her husband , insisting he would not have been able to keep the secret from her or woods ' wife , elin nordegren .
" the four of us are so close , " she told tv3 .
" being so close , he could n't know and not say something to elin or myself .
you know , it 's just , that 's the way it is . "
the crash and reports about why it happened sparked a barrage of infidelity allegations against the golfer , who has two children with his wife .
( cnn ) -- after a difficult past year , rafael nadal is back where he feels most comfortable -- but his rivals are battling to find form ahead of the french open .
while the spaniard cruised into the quarterfinals of the monte carlo tournament he has won for the past eight seasons , world no. 1 novak djokovic again had to come from behind to earn his place while andy murray suffered a crushing defeat that will demote him to third in the rankings .
fourth seed tomas berdych and no. 5 juan martin del potro also crashed out thursday to thin out the competition for nadal as he continues his winning return to the atp tour following longterm knee problems .
his 6-2 6-4 rout of german 16th seed philipp kohlschreiber was his 16th successive victory this year following a defeat in the final of his comeback event in chile in february .
" i feel more relaxed , yes .
just being here is good news .
every time i have the chance to go on court and play well , feel competitive , is a really good feeling . "
dimitrov is also on a roll , having followed up his opening victory over world no. 10 janko tipsarevic by beating germany 's florian mayer 6-2 6-4 .
( cnn ) -- chelsea continued to set the pace in the english premier league with a comfortable 4-1 win over norwich city at stamford bridge saturday .
norwich took an unlikely 11th minute lead through their star striker grant holt , but it was to prove short lived once the west london side got into their stride .
goals from fernando torres , his 99th in english football , frank lampard and eden hazard put them 3-1 ahead by half time .
both john terry and ashley cole played and were given a warm reception by the home crowd .
cole was forced to apologize friday for a controversial twitter comment as he reacted to the findings of an fa commission into the racial slur case brought against terry .
the commission found terry 's evidence at the hearing " improbable , implausible and contrived " as they gave the reasons for his four-match ban and large fine for remarks aimed at qpr defender anton ferdinand in an epl game last season .
" we 've got a social media policy at the club and there 's going to be a disciplinary process against the tweet and that 's how i 'll leave it , " di matteo said .
chelsea have opened up a four-point lead over defendiing champions manchester city , while norwich are winless in the league this season .
tributes are flowing in for much-loved british actor and comedian rik mayall , who died in london monday at age 56 .
mayall first found widespread fame in student sitcom " the young ones , " which ran for two years on the bbc , and was later shown on mtv in the united states .
the series , which he co-wrote , focused on the lives of four roommates at " scumbag college . "
edmondson led the tributes to mayall monday , telling britain 's press association news agency : " there were times when rik and i were writing together when we almost died laughing .
" they were some of the most carefree , stupid days i ever had , and i feel privileged to have shared them with him .
and now he 's died for real .
writer and comedian ben elton told the press association mayall had " changed his life " by asking him to work on " the young ones . "
" he always made me cry with laughter , now he 's just made me cry . "
his lines were regularly repeated in schoolyards and student pubs .
( cnn ) that sound you just heard was the crash of hearts breaking all over the world .
zayn malik is leaving one direction .
" after five incredible years zayn malik has decided to leave one direction , " the band said on its facebook page and tweeted out to its 22.9 million twitter followers .
" niall , harry , liam and louis will continue as a four-piece and look forward to the forthcoming concerts of their world tour and recording their fifth album , due to be released later this year . "
rumors about such a move had started since malik left the band 's tour last week .
at the time , a rep told rolling stone he had " been signed off with stress " after a scandal erupted following the publication of a photo showing malik holding hands with someone other than his fiancee .
even the girl scouts got in on the act with a sweet tribute to the singer .
the band 's wikipedia page was also quickly updated with a sentence , " zayn malik was formerly a member . "
and spotify said that global streams of one direction songs were up 330 % wednesday in the hour after the news was announced -- a " spike of sadness , " as the music service called it .
in the u.s. alone , streams of the band 's music were up 769 % .
to mark the occasion , spotify created a special playlist of 1d songs .
malik , 22 , has been part of the very popular british boy band since it was formed ( at the urging of simon cowell , according to some stories ) in 2010 after members auditioned separately for the uk version of " the x factor . "
cowell became a mentor and signed them to his label .
( cnn ) -- three pakistani paramilitary soldiers were killed this week in a cross-border firefight between pakistan and india , officials said thursday .
the soldiers were moving from one post to another along the border when they came under fire by indian forces , said maj. gen. athar abbas , pakistan army spokesman .
since a cease-fire is in effect , the firing by indian forces was unprovoked , abbas said .
but pakistani forces retaliated after the shots were fired , he said .
lt. col. j.s. brar , indian defense spokesman for the disputed kashmir region , said there were two violations of the cease-fire on the line of control , the de facto border between indian - and pakistan-administered kashmir .
in the first , fighting continued for about an hour , he said .
a second violation took place thursday morning , he said , and one indian soldier was injured .
brar said he could not comment on pakistani casualties .
pakistani officials said severe weather conditions in kashmir , a himalayan region , hampered removal of the soldiers ' bodies .
pakistan has asked the indian local commanding authority for a full report on the incident .
india and pakistan have have fought three wars since the partition of the asian subcontinent in 1947 .
two of them were over kashmir , which is claimed by both nuclear powers .
on august 20 , an indian army officer and five militants were killed in clashes along the line of control .
islamabad has denied the accusations .
more than 40,000 have died in the violence , officials say .
hefei , china ( cnn ) -- the murder trial of gu kailai , the wife of a recently deposed top official in the chinese communist party , has begun in the eastern china city of hefei , local officials said thursday .
the trial is the latest phase in the fall from grace of the prominent family of bo xilai , gu 's husband , who until earlier this year had appeared destined to join the elite committee of leaders at the top of china 's ruling party .
the saga has become the most sensational chinese political scandal in recent years , creating an extraordinary set of challenges for the central government as it prepares for a once-in-a-decade leadership transition later this year .
heywood , a 41-year-old british citizen , was found dead in a hotel in chongqing , the city where bo was the communist party chief .
but the trial is taking place in hefei , in anhui province , more than 1,200 kilometers ( 750 miles ) east of chongqing , where lingering support for bo and his family remains .
" this is definitely more than a criminal trial , " said wenran jiang , a professor of political science at the university of alberta .
gu 's family had wanted to hire two prominent beijing lawyers to represent her , but chinese authorities have chosen two local attorneys to form her defense team , a family friend told cnn on wednesday .
( cnn ) a georgia police chief who said he accidentally shot and seriously injured his wife while the couple were sleeping in bed has resigned , the peachtree city police department said wednesday .
william mccollom stepped down as chief of police in peachtree city nearly a week after a prosecutor announced that although the new year 's day shooting appeared accidental , mccollom could eventually face a misdemeanor charge accusing him of recklessly taking a gun to bed after drinking alcohol and taking sleeping medication .
the shooting in peachtree city , an upscale community of 35,000 people south of atlanta , left margaret mccollom paralyzed below the waist .
in light of the recent tragedy in my personal family , i need to continue to focus my time and efforts there , " william mccollom said in a message posted wednesday on the police department 's facebook page .
medics and police rushed to the mccolloms ' home early on january 1 after the chief called 911 to say he accidentally shot his wife as both were sleeping -- by inadvertently moving a gun that he had taken to bed with him .
" the gun was in the bed , i went to move it , put it to the side , and it went off , " mccollom says in a recording of the 911 call .
later in the call , the operator asked mccollom , " were you asleep also when this happened ? "
" yes , " the chief , 57 at the time , replied .
last week , scott ballard , district attorney for a several-county area that includes peachtree city , said a georgia bureau of investigation probe found the following :
hollywood , california ( cnn ) -- singer christina aguilera joins fellow grammy award winners alicia keys and john legend for " cnn heroes : an all-star tribute , " airing thanksgiving night on cnn .
the show , taped before an audience of more than 2,000 at the kodak theatre in hollywood , pays tribute to the top 10 cnn heroes of 2008 .
liz mccartney , dedicated to helping survivors of hurricane katrina rebuild their homes , has been named the 2008 cnn hero of the year .
mccartney , of st. bernard parish , louisiana , received the honor at saturday night 's taping of " cnn heroes : an all-star tribute . "
the telecast airs at 9 p.m. et/pt on thanksgiving on the global networks of cnn .
more than 1 million votes were cast .
" to the country and the world , i ask you to please join us , " mccartney said .
" together we can continue to rebuild families ' homes and lives .
... if you join us , we 'll be unstoppable . "
hosted by cnn 's anderson cooper , " cnn heroes : an all-star tribute " features moving musical performances by aguilera , keys and legend .
watch a preview of the show , including aguilera 's performance » aguilera performed her hit single " beautiful . "
legend , backed by the world-renowned agape choir , brought the audience of more than 2,000 to their feet with his powerful call to personal action , " if you 're out there , " from his just-released album , " evolver . "
keys sang " superwoman , " her tribute to women around the world , from her hit album " as i am . "
( cnn ) -- the death of steve jobs has renewed comparisons to another great innovator who died 80 years ago this month -- thomas edison .
but there are important differences between the two men .
in the 80 years between their deaths , consumers came to dominate the economy , a transformation that was only beginning during the later years of edison 's life .
although edison was a key innovator in two consumer technologies -- sound recording and motion pictures -- he struggled to understand the consumer markets he helped to create .
his most important technological innovation was the electrical system , which made possible the personal computers , music players and smartphones innovated by jobs .
edison was also more involved in the day-to-day work of invention than jobs , and his other great innovation was the industrial research and development laboratory while the differences between edison and jobs are important , so , are their similarities .
these offer lessons for other innovators .
jobs and edison succeeded because they were good at envisioning how long-term developments in scientific and technical knowledge could be transformed into new technologies .
similarly , before developing the macintosh computer , jobs envisioned how two decades of work on graphical user interfaces and the computer mouse could transform the way people used computers , and also how the development of touchscreens and miniaturization could be transformed into the smartphone .
if you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you .
a nationally syndicated columnist , martin has said he will vote for barack obama in november .
he is the author of " listening to the spirit within : 50 perspectives on faith " and " speak , brother !
a black man 's view of america . "
roland martin says howard dean bucked other leaders and insisted on a 50-state democratic strategy .
( cnn ) -- if sen. barack obama is able to prevail over sen. john mccain on tuesday , all of those democrats who ripped howard dean 's 50-state strategy over the last four years should call the head of the democratic national committee and offer a heartfelt apology .
first in line should be new york sen. charles schumer , chicago , illinois , rep. rahm emanuel and my cnn colleague , political strategist james carville .
when democrats were in the final stages of winning back congress in 2006 , those three were at odds with dean , saying he should forget about his pie-in-the-sky plan to have the democratic party competitive in all 50 states .
but dean resisted their suggestions , weathering repeated calls for him to resign after that election .
buenos aires , argentina ( cnn ) -- roberto sanchez , the argentine singer known as " sandro " and who drew comparisons to elvis presley , died monday night after complications from surgery , his doctor told reporters .
sandro 's romantic ballads made him a star in the 1960s , but he first found the limelight as rock and roll singer who imitated elvis ' style .
in his long career , sandro recorded dozens of albums and also acted in 16 movies , according to the web site rock.com.ar .
he is considered one of the pioneers of the spanish rock movement .
some accounts place sandro as the first latino artist to sell out madison square garden in new york .
sandro died at the italian hospital in mendoza , argentina , where he was being treated for complications from a heart and lung transplant last month .
he is survived by his wife , olga garaventa .
funeral arrangements are pending .
hong kong ( cnn ) -- ramesh makwana knew the risks to his health by working in an agate factory , but at $ 4 a day the rewards were too great .
now , after 14 years of breathing in the fine dust created by grinding and polishing the gemstone , makwana has silicosis , a respiratory disease that swells the lungs .
" he 's thankful to the stone because it helped him survive for so long .
but now that he has lost so much , it is also a feeling of anger , " makwana told cnn through an interpreter , mohit gupta , the co-ordinator for the occupational , environmental health network of india .
it 's not known how many other workers in asia are suffering from occupational diseases , but the asia monitor resource center ( amrc ) has warned that the region is facing an epidemic .
the last estimate on work-related diseases in asia was released by the international labor organization in 2008 .
frustrated by the lack of official records , pandita and his team set out to find the true extent of the problem in six asian countries : china , india , cambodia , the philippines , thailand and indonesia .
a report released ahead of this year 's international workers ' memorial day on april 28 , found similar problems in all countries ; a lack of official data on the number of cases , partly due to a reluctance to diagnose work-related illness for fear of the financial cost .
( cnn ) -- matthew murray , the man who police say shot and killed four people at two separate locations in colorado on sunday , died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , the coroner 's office said tuesday .
a former roommate took this photo of matthew murray performing in a 2002 christmas program .
" it should be noted that he was struck multiple times by the security officer , which put him down .
he then fired a single round killing himself , " the statement said .
police sgt. skip arms told the associated press that murray shot himself in the head .
watch bourbonnais describe the scene at new life » " i 'm telling you right now , she 's the hero , not me .
it was the bravest thing i have ever seen , " bourbonnais said .
" she had no cover .
he fired -- i heard him fire three .
i heard her fire three .
the whole time .
and she just walked forward , like she 's walking to her car in the parking lot , firing the whole time . "
the serie a managerial merry-go-round produced its usual raft of changes with over a third of clubs set to begin the season with a different coach from the previous campaign .
carlo ancelotti 's departure to chelsea from ac milan is the most high-profile change , with former rossoneri hero leonardo moving from his role as technical director at the club to take over as head coach .
walter zenga 's success in guiding unfancied catania to a mid-table finish last season saw him make a controversial switch to bitter sicilian rivals palermo , with gianluca atzori replacing him at the stadio angelo massimino .
who do you think will win the italian serie a title ?
delio rossi parted company with lazio , who appointed davide ballardini , while luigi del neri left atalanta to take over at sampdoria with angelo gregucci taking the reins at the bergamo club .
elsewhere , promoted bari dispensed with the services of antonio conte and handed the job to much-traveled giampiero ventura , while livorno have brought in veteran vittorio russo to work alongside gennaro ruotolo as the latter does not hold the relevant coaching badges .
on the playing front , the major story was the transfer of kaka from ac milan to real madrid for $ 92 million , and the club spent part of that money on klaas-jan huntelaar who arrived from the spanish outfit for a fee in the region of $ 21m .
cnn 's pedro pinto previews the coming campaign . »
yaounde , cameroon ( cnn ) cameroonian troops and their allies have freed a german man who was held for six months by islamist terror group boko haram , cameroonian president paul biya said .
boko haram kidnapped german citizen robert nitsch eberhard in nigeria in july , biya said in a statement read wednesday on state-run broadcaster crtv .
he did not detail how , when or where the rescue operation took place .
" a special operation of cameroonian armed forces and security services of friendly countries " freed the man , he said .
eberhard told journalists he was glad to be alive .
" i am happy to see all these people around me , who have rescued me and made sure that i survived , because until the last minute , i did not know whether i would survive or i would not survive .
it was for me a big problem .
because it was darkness , total darkness , and you see nobody around you .
then this is a big problem to say ok , i will survive or not survive , " eberhard said .
eberhard was flown in from cameroon 's far north region to yaounde shortly after noon wednesday .
he said he was grateful to all those who worked to secure his release .
eberhard spoke amid heavy security and mentioned that he was teaching at a vocational school in gombe , adamawa state , nigeria , before the insurgents took him hostage in july .
he has been taken to the residence of the german ambassador in yaounde .
the ambassador said initial medical care will be given to him before he is flown back to germany for more medical attention .
dressed in a gray sweatsuit , free of handcuffs , shahzad appeared before a federal magistrate on tuesday afternoon to hear the charges against him .
as he walked into courtroom , shahzad gave a slight smile to his public defender , julia gatto .
gatto did not object to the government 's request that he remain in federal custody .
he did not enter a plea , and magistrate judge james francis set his next hearing for june 1 .
shahzad faces five counts in connection with the attempted bombing in times square on may 1 .
he could face life in prison if convicted .
the pakistani-born naturalized u.s. citizen has been in federal custody since his arrest two days after the bomb attempt .
during that time , he " has provided valuable intelligence from which further investigative action has been taken , " the u.s. attorney 's office said .
after 15 days of questioning , shahzad invoked his right to an attorney at tuesday 's hearing , a federal law enforcement official said .
it may not have been fast , it may not have been smooth but it was still a landmark moment for the olympic downhill champion .
she has waited 10 months to go racing again and in november her return was put on ice when she partially tore one of her reconstructed knee ligaments in training .
there were no complications for vonn on her first competitive return down canada 's lake louise course -- but her time did not trouble the leaders .
she finished her run in one minute 59.22 seconds -- more than three seconds off the leading time and 40th overall .
the start of the race had been delayed by hazy cloud and extremely cold temperatures which dropped as low as -36 celsius .
germany 's maria hoefl-riesch eventually came out on top with the quickest time .
vonn is racing against time to find form and fitness as she attempts to defend her downhill crown at february 's winter olympics in the russian resort of sochi .
there she will aim to emulate the feat of fellow american , picabo street , who came back the season after reconstructive surgery to win gold at nagano in 1998 .
( cnn ) -- after years plagued by injuries and scandal , tiger woods pulled away from his competition sunday to capture his first pga tour win since september 2009 .
months after capturing the bmw championship , woods became a tabloid fixture for his affairs with several women that led to the end of his marriage .
yet he had proved successful in the past at the arnold palmer invitational , having won six times before this weekend at the course in his long-time hometown of orlando , florida .
he walked up toward the 18th green sunday to fervent applause , tipping his hat to fans .
he ended up tapping in on that hole for par , to finish five strokes ahead of second-place finisher graeme mcdowell .
palmer : the old tiger will be back " it feels really good , " woods told nbc , which covered the event . "
( it was ) a lot of hard work , i 'm so thankful for a lot of people helping me out along the way .
it 's been tough . "
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- a pakistani court monday gave police two weeks to prepare their case for charging five americans whom police suspect of planning terrorist attacks .
authorities have said they plan to prosecute the five men -- who are being held in jail -- under the country 's anti-terrorism act .
police have said they are confident that the americans were planning terrorist acts , according to tahir gujjrar , deputy superintendent of police in sargodha , where the men were arrested december 9 .
gujjrar told cnn a preliminary investigation suggests that the men came to pakistan to wage jihad and had sought to link up with jaish-e-mohammed and jamaat-ud-dawa militant organizations , neither of which showed interest , he said .
the men wanted to martyr themselves , he said .
jaish-e-mohammed is the group believed to be responsible for the murder of journalist daniel pearl .
but mohammed ameer khan rokhri , an attorney representing the men , said they testified on the quran , the muslim holy book , " that they have no connection with any banned organization , " including jaish-e-mohammed or al qaeda .
they told the court , " we are going to afghanistan to help the muslims who have been injured by the nato forces and other afghan forces , " the attorney said .
all are in their early 20s except yemer , who , according to the interrogation report from pakistani police , is 18 years old .
two of the suspects are pakistani-american , two are yemeni-american , and one is egyptian-american .
( cnn ) -- it 's a grass-roots protest movement composed of the newly politicized and people distrustful of hierarchy .
so how is it possible to be an illegitimate tea party member ?
some are accusing jon scott ashjian , a new tea party candidate running for u.s. senate , of being a fake .
he was put in the race by agents of senate majority leader harry reid to siphon votes from the gop .
he did n't know any of the principles of the tea party , " tarkanian tells cnn .
tarkanian even accuses " harry reid 's staff , campaign , whatever " of picking ashjian because he 's armenian , as is tarkanian .
he explains , " they know the armenians are very close , they 'll vote for each other . "
as for reid , an aide dismisses the accusations .
as does reid , who says he 's never met ashjian or " anyone in his family . "
reid tells cnn , " i think there are too many conspiratorialists in the world today .
sue lowden , the republican front-runner in the senate primary , according to recent polls , is the former nevada republican party chair and seems to be the republicans ' best hope of unseating reid in november .
or at least she did , until ashjian got into the race .
lowden says she 's been very active with tea party groups in nevada .
" i am a tea party voter , absolutely . "
which is why she says she finds it " a little strange " that ashjian is emerging now .
" i do n't know who this person is .
morgan 's limo van was hit by a tractor-trailer on the new jersey turnpike at about 1 a.m. saturday , according to sgt. gregory williams of new jersey state police .
morgan suffered several injuries , including broken ribs , a broken nose , a broken leg and a broken femur .
he underwent surgery on his leg on sunday , kay said , noting any road to recovery would be a long one .
" we expect him to remain in the hospital for several weeks , " he said .
the chain-reaction wreck killed morgan 's fellow passenger , comedian james mcnair , who performed under the name jimmy mack , and injured several others , according to officials .
the truck driver charged in the crash has turned himself in , police said sunday .
kevin roper , 35 , posted a $ 50,000 bail saturday night , according to james o'neill , spokesman for the middlesex , new jersey , district attorney 's office .
comedians ardie fuqua and harris stanton were among the injured , as was jeffrey millea , williams said .
one person was released saturday , but robert wood johnson university hospital in new jersey would n't disclose that person 's name .
cnn reached fuqua 's agent on sunday , but he had no comment .
walmart employee charged roper is charged with one count of death by auto and four counts of assault by auto after the tractor-trailer he was driving crashed into the limo bus , a statement from middlesex county prosecutor 's office said .
the witty foreign policy writer is sick of what she calls " self-indulgent vicarious trauma " following the blasts at the marathon finish line in boston last week , which killed three people , injured more than 100 and set off a manhunt that left an mit cop dead .
" you do n't need to keep changing your facebook status to let us all know that you 're still extremely shocked and sad about the boston bombing , " she wrote last week .
cnn ireport : run for boston part of me loves her piece .
there 's plenty to do , as runners have shown in the week since the bombing .
within hours of the blasts , people all over the world were lacing up their running shoes and going outside to run .
it 's a simple , selfish act .
others to process what had just happened to fellow runners and those cheering them on .
i did it because i felt like i just needed to do something .
and i feel all the more compelled to keep training because of inspirational stories like those of adrianne haslet-davis , a dance instructor who lost her foot in the bombing but vows to dance and run again .
isis , as the islamic state jihadists in iraq and syria are known , has become the new face of international terrorism in the eyes of the united states and its western allies .
here are key questions on the matter : 1 ) who killed james foley ?
britain 's ambassador to the united states , peter westmacott , told cnn on sunday that british officials were close to identifying the isis militant who beheaded foley , an american journalist captured in syria in 2012 .
" we 're putting a great deal into the search , " he said , referring to the use of sophisticated technology to analyze the man 's voice .
in the video , foley , 40 , is seen kneeling next to a man dressed in black , who speaks with what experts say is a distinctly english accent .
linguists said that based on his voice , the man sounds to be younger than 30 .
last week , defense secretary chuck hagel and joint chiefs chairman gen. martin dempsey said that taking on isis in syria was the only way to defeat the sunni jihadists .
he was 87 .
winters died thursday evening of natural causes at his home in montecito , california , according to business associate joe petro iii .
winters was known for his comic irreverence , switching characters the way other people flick on light switches .
williams , in particular , often credited him as a great influence .
" first he was my idol , then he was my mentor and amazing friend , " tweeted williams .
" i 'll miss him huge .
he was my comedy buddha .
winters , who was widely admired by comedians in general , was awarded the mark twain prize -- which goes to outstanding humorists -- in 1999 .
" genius " was a common touchstone as comedians reacted to winters ' death .
" r.i.p jonathan winters , " tweeted comedian and filmmaker albert brooks .
" beyond funny , he invented a new category of comedic genius . "
" had a great run .
actual genius , " tweeted kevin pollak .
" a genius and the greatest improvisational comedian of all time , " tweeted richard lewis .
he was a favorite guest on " the tonight show " -- particularly in the early '60s when jack paar hosted it -- and turned up on the game show " the hollywood squares , " dean martin 's celebrity roasts and countless variety shows .
( cnn ) -- after months of bloodshed , intrigue and revenge that made yemen seem like an arabian version of hamlet , president ali abdullah saleh has finally transferred his powers to his vice president , and elections are to be held in three months .
at the ceremony in riyadh , saudi arabia , to seal the transition deal worked out by the gulf cooperation council , saleh seemed relaxed and even chuckled as he signed several copies of the agreement , the result of intense diplomatic shuttling by u.n. envoy jamal bin omar and growing pressure from the international community .
but saleh also took a parting shot at his opponents , saying they had destroyed in months everything that had been built over years .
april longley alley , yemen analyst at the international crisis group , says the riyadh deal offers an " opportunity to move past the current political impasse and to deal with critical issues like deteriorating economic and humanitarian conditions as well as the very difficult task of institutional reform . "
there are plenty of competing elements left behind : the thousands of mainly young demonstrators who took to the streets of sanaa and other cities in january to demand democratic change , the tribal alliance that took up arms against saleh , secessionists in the south and a shiite rebellion in the north , well-organized islamist groups and a budding al qaeda franchise .
perhaps the most powerful figure in yemen now is brig. gen. ali mohsen al-ahmar , commander of the 1st armored division .
koshik , a 22-year-old asian elephant has stunned experts and his keepers at everland zoo near seoul by imitating human speech .
koshik can say the korean words for " hello , " " sit down , " " no , " " lie down " and " good . "
his trainer , kim jong gap , first started to realize koshik was mimicking him several years ago . "
" in 2004 and 2005 , kim did n't even know that the human voice he heard at the zoo was actually from koshik , " zoo spokesman in kim in cherl said .
" but in 2006 , he started to realize that koshik had been imitating his voice and mentioned it to his boss . "
why do elephants have hair on their heads ?
koshik 's remarkable antics grabbed the interest of an elephant vocalization expert thousands of kilometers away at the university of vienna in austria . "
" there was a youtube video about koshik vocalizing , and i was not sure if it was a fake , or if it was real , " dr. angela stoeger-horwath said .
she traveled with fellow expert dr. daniel mietchen to south korea in 2010 to test the elephant 's ability .
" it is , for some of the sounds he makes , quite astonishing for how similar they are , " said mietchen of the university of jena in germany .
new york ( cnn ) -- the mansion and four-acre estate featured in francis ford coppola 's 1972 film " the godfather " is up for sale for a whopping $ 2.9 million .
owner jim norton said he put the eight-bedroom , five-bathroom staten island home on the market after his father recently passed away .
brando played fictional character vito corleone , the head of an organized crime family who transfers power to his reluctant son .
the film is based on a novel written by mario puzo and begins with a scene filmed at the iconic estate , where the aging corleone accepts requests for favors during the wedding reception of his daughter connie , played by talia shire .
his mother collected behind-the-scenes mementos from the film , including pictures and autographs from cast and crew members , he said .
realtor connie profaci said the location was suggested by neighbor and co-star gianni russo , who played corleone 's son-in-law in the film .
" his family lived near the home and was familiar with the english tudor enclave connecting todt hill and emerson hill , " profaci said .
( cnn ) -- in different year , the race for attorney general in pennsylvania might have been just a footnote to the presidential election .
but more people in the keystone state voted tuesday for kathleen kane to be their attorney general than voted for barack obama to be their president .
and much of that may be attributed to the furor over the jerry sandusky child sex case .
what may have pushed kane over the top was her strong stance on the sandusky scandal .
she promised to look back to november 2008 , when the first victim came forward , and carry out an independent review into why sandusky was not charged until three years later .
" we need an independent investigator to look at what happened , " kane told cnn .
her promise means she 'll be taking on the state 's sitting governor , tom corbett .
and her review into the sandusky case investigation will delve into the years that corbett was the attorney general .
he launched the sandusky investigation before he ran for governor .
despite some criticism , corbett has denied that politics had anything to do with investigative decisions .
instead , he accused democrats of politicizing the case when two leading state democratic lawmakers wrote a three-page letter asking u.s. attorney general eric holder to look into how the sandusky investigation unfolded .
holder 's office says the letter is under review .
( cnn ) -- three pakistani paramilitary soldiers were killed this week in a cross-border firefight between pakistan and india , officials said thursday .
since a cease-fire is in effect , the firing by indian forces was unprovoked , abbas said .
but pakistani forces retaliated after the shots were fired , he said .
it was unclear whether the incident took place late tuesday or wednesday , as pakistani and indian officials provided different times .
in the first , fighting continued for about an hour , he said .
a second violation took place thursday morning , he said , and one indian soldier was injured .
brar said he could not comment on pakistani casualties .
pakistan has asked the indian local commanding authority for a full report on the incident .
india and pakistan have have fought three wars since the partition of the asian subcontinent in 1947 .
on august 20 , an indian army officer and five militants were killed in clashes along the line of control .
more than 40,000 have died in the violence , officials say .
meet dr. gorbee logan , the county health director for bomi county in liberia .
you have now met half the medical team in bomi county .
there are two doctors in the entire county .
i do n't mean two doctors to treat ebola patients but two doctors , period .
sometimes they have nearly double that number , and patients overflow onto mattresses on the floor .
ebola outbreak : how to help logan has been begging the federal government for more than a month for an official ebola treatment unit , one with more beds and a quarantine area for people who 've come in close contact with ebola patients but are n't sick .
my team and i -- senior producer john bonifield , senior photographer orlando ruiz and our coordinator , liberian journalist orlind cooper -- saw firsthand tuesday night just how much he needs a real hospital .
about 7 p.m. , an ambulance arrived at logan 's facility in tubmanburg with five people who , the day before , had washed the bodies of a mother and daughter who had died of ebola .
several jamaican sprinters were banned for doping earlier this year and now a footballer from the caribbean nation has been suspended .
jermaine hue , a creative midfielder who has made more than 40 appearances for the national team , received a nine-month suspension after he tested positive for dexamethasone .
but a stiffer penalty was given to the team doctor , carlton fraser .
he was hit with a four-year punishment after " having administered " the corticosteroid , fifa said in a statement on its website .
hue , 35 , has spent most of his career with jamaica 's harbour view but had brief stints with the kansas city wizards of the mls and sweden 's mjallby .
according to a report in the jamaica observer in august , fraser was a personal friend of the late bob marley and also treated the reggae great .
the sanctions are a further blow to the ' reggae boyz ' -- they sit last in their qualifying group with only two matches remaining .
former world-record holder in the 100 meters , asafa powell , and sherone simpson admitted to testing positive for banned substances in july , a month after double 200-meter olympic gold medalist veronica campbell-brown received a provisional ban .
the 8-year-old syrian refugee longs for friends back in qusayr , hard hit by a civil war that grinds on .
he also misses days in school -- when the most he had to worry about was finishing his homework .
" i work so i can bring money for my family , " says omar .
his mother , like other refugees , asked that their last names not be used as they are worried for their safety .
eddie izzard : in syrian refugee camps , another day of childhood is lost i met omar on a hot , dusty day in lebanon 's wind-swept bekaa valley .
we were interviewing his mother when omar and his 14-year-old brother came zooming by on a motorbike .
they had just finished gathering eggs at a nearby farm -- what little money the kids make is the only way their family is able to survive .
the job is hard , but omar went through an even more difficult experience recently .
omar now faces a different kind of brutality -- a harsh reality reflected in the weary faces of kids all around .
their eyes make them seem far older .
there 's no childhood spark , with smiles few and far between .
i ask a 15-year-old girl what life 's been like for her here .
she asks unbelievingly -- as if the question were a farce .
the spanish fourth seed crushed no. 8 jo-wilfried tsonga of france 6-3 6-2 on wednesday night to move into the semifinals of the atp tour event , which has already seen top-ranked roger federer , novak djokovic and andy murray fall by the wayside .
nadal , twice a losing finalist in the southern american city , also reached the last four at indian wells two weeks ago on his return from a knee injury .
" his serve , and he 's a very good competitor .
he 's a winner .
gon na be a very tough match , no ?
i think i have to play my best tennis to try to win . "
roddick , who has not dropped a set so far , will take on a player who will return to no. 3 in the world rankings next week following defending champion murray 's second-round exit .
he reached the final at indian wells before losing to nadal 's conqueror ivan ljubicic , and was also a semifinalist in miami in 2008 .
when you play a lot of matches and play a high level , it feels like everything kind of slows down a little bit , " he told the atp site .
what qualities are important in an anti-depressant ?
tolerance ?
side effects ?
cost ?
in the analysis of 12 drugs , two came out on top as the most effective and best tolerated as first-line treatments : sertraline ( zoloft ) and escitalopram ( lexapro ) .
venlafaxine ( effexor ) and mirtazapine ( remeron ) rounded out the top four for effectiveness , but venlafaxine was also among the four drugs patients were most likely to quit taking because of side effects .
reboxetine ( edronax ) was less effective than the rest .
while psychiatrists treating depressed patients every day have had a sense of which medications are best , the current study " nails it , " says sagar v. parikh , m.d. , of the university of toronto .
parikh , who wrote a comment accompanying the study that is published in the current issue of the lancet , says the findings have " enormous implications " because , for the first time , they offer doctors an evidence-based , unbiased way to recommend treatment .
and , he adds , they give patients a " gold standard of reliable information , " especially since the study 's authors plan to make their findings available free on the web .
he and his colleagues concluded , based on their review done while gartlehner was at the rti-unc evidence-based practice center in chapel hill , north carolina. , that there was no clinically meaningful evidence that any one of the drugs was better than the rest .
( cnn ) -- former u.s. sen. arlen specter , who embodied a vanishing breed of liberal republicanism before switching to the democratic party at the twilight of his political career , died sunday after a long battle with cancer , his family announced .
he was 82 .
he had been in the public eye since serving as a member of the warren commission , which investigated the assassination of president john f. kennedy .
specter was elected to the senate in 1980 and represented pennsylvania for 30 years , longer than anyone in the state 's history .
his politically moderate image fit hand-in-glove in the politically blue northeast , both with its democratic centrists and its liberal republicans .
he was also one of america 's most prominent jewish politicians , a rare republican in a category dominated by democrats over the decades .
and his name is synonymous with pennsylvania , an idiosyncratic state that pushes and pulls between the two parties , and his home , the staunchly democratic city of philadelphia .
in 2006 , philadelphia magazine called him " one of the few true wild cards of washington politics ... reviled by those on both the right and the left . "
" charming and churlish , brilliant and pedantic , he can be fiercely independent , entertainingly eccentric and simply maddening , " the profile read .
former gov. ed rendell , a democrat , called specter " a mentor , colleague and a political institution " who " did more for the people of pennsylvania over his more than 30-year career with the possible exception of benjamin franklin . "
and pat toomey , the republican who now holds specter 's old senate seat , praised him as " a man of sharp intelligence and dogged determination . "
( cnn ) -- when plans were announced to build a giant new transoceanic canal across nicaragua , the young hong kong businessman leading the project acknowledged the widespread skepticism .
" we do n't want it to become an international joke , " said wang jing , a 40-year-old with no significant engineering experience and a background he described as " very normal . "
that was in june 2013 , when the nicaraguan legislature , controlled by president daniel ortega , had just allowed wang to move forward with his five-year project .
but it looks set to move forward , and even some of the most determined doubters are starting to reconsider .
last thursday , the government and wang 's company , nicaragua canal development investment , announced that construction will start on dec. 22 .
the development 's estimated price tag -- $ 50 billion -- is four times the size of the entire nicaraguan economy .
the panama canal 's expansion is almost ready , which raises the question of why another costly canal is needed .
the nicaraguan opposition has called the project the biggest scam in the country 's history , and engineering experts are divided over whether the project is feasible .
pedro alvarez , chairman of civil engineering at rice university , has expressed doubts that it will ever be completed .
he worries that it will be abandoned .
( cnn ) -- barcelona moved five points clear in spain as manager pep guardiola celebrated his 100th match in charge with a 4-0 victory at home to racing santander on saturday .
the injury-hit defending champions brushed off the pre-match loss of star striker zlatan ibrahimovic to romp into a 3-0 halftime lead as they put pressure on real madrid to win sunday 's home match against villarreal .
the swede is in doubt for tuesday 's champions league trip to german club stuttgart due to a swollen ankle .
midfielder andres iniesta took advantage of some slack defending to pounce for his first goal this season in the seventh minute , hooking home a left-foot effort after the ball ran loose in his 300th outing for the club .
france striker thierry henry , handed a rare start due to ibrahimovic 's absence , netted a free-kick in the 29th minute after driving a shot through the defensive wall for his first goal this year .
center-back rafael marquez marked his return from suspension with a similar effort nine minute later as he curled a set-piece over the wall and in off the post .
captain carles puyol had to go off with a facial injury but is expected to face stuttgart in the first leg of the last-16 tie .
it was guardiola 's 71st victory since taking charge of the catalan giants , and 14th-placed racing never looked like inflicting his 11th defeat -- the 10th came against atletico madrid last weekend , barca 's first in la liga this season .
baghdad , iraq ( cnn ) -- the trial of an iraqi journalist charged with throwing his shoes at u.s. president george bush has been postponed , iraq 's council of ministers and one of the journalist 's lawyers said tuesday .
amman protesters support muntazer al-zaidi , the iraqi journalist held for throwing his shoes at president bush .
muntadhir al-zaidi was due to go on trial wednesday , but the criminal court postponed it pending an appeal filed by his lawyers with the federal court of appeal , a spokesman for the supreme judicial council , abdul sattar bayrakdar , said .
dhiya al-saadi , who leads al-zaidi 's 25-member legal team , confirmed the postponement .
neither shoe hit the president , and others in the room quickly knocked al-zaidi to the ground before security officials arrested him .
many iraqis hail al-zaidi , who faces a prison term if convicted , as a hero .
more than 1,000 lawyers have volunteered to defend him , al-saadi said .
the lawyers ' appeal asked the federal court to change al-zaidi 's case from assaulting bush to insulting him .
the lawyers are trying to persuade the appeals court that al-zaidi did not want to harm bush by throwing the shoes , but simply wanted to insult him .
by tradition , throwing a shoe is the most insulting act in the arab world .
al-saadi said he met with his client several days ago but was having difficulty meeting with him again .
" we merged our voice with the prosecutor 's closing arguments from last week 's hearing and demanded the death sentence to mubarak , his former interior minister habib el adly , and four of his aides for killing hundreds of protesters and injuring thousands more , " attorney khalid abu bakr told cnn .
" we have proof mubarak is directly responsible for the killings along with el adly and his aides . "
abu bakr said mubarak deserved to die for violating egypt 's criminal law 77 .
" his negligence and actions led to endangering the national security of the country , " he said .
the attorney also provided the court with a list of alleged suspects he wants indicted , including police officers he said where caught on camera firing their weapons on protesters .
the judge , ahmed refaat , has set aside monday and tuesday to hear from at least 10 civil rights lawyers .
the defense is expected to make its closing arguments later in the week .
" the judge will then decide on a day to announce the final verdict , " said adel saeed , the official spokesman of the general prosecutor 's office .
" if he is fast , we may see a verdict before january 25th " -- the day the egyptian uprising began last year .
the black-clad isis militant shown in a video demanding a $ 200 million ransom to spare the lives of two japanese citizens looks and sounds similar to the man who has appeared in at least five previous hostage videos .
the knife-wielding masked man with a london accent , nicknamed " jihadi john , " has issued threats and overseen the beheadings of american and british captives .
" you now have 72 hours to pressure your government in making a wise decision , by paying the $ 200 million to save the lives of your citizens , " the man in the video that appeared tuesday says in comments addressed to japanese citizens .
q&a : harsh realities of kidnappings , ransom the amount of money is the same as that recently pledged by japanese prime minister shinzo abe in humanitarian aid to middle east countries that are affected by isis ' bloody campaign in iraq and syria .
japan believes the deadline arrives friday at 12:50 a.m. et .
and chief cabinet minister yoshihide suga said wednesday the country will do its best to communicate with isis through a third-party nation .
but mystery and confusion still surround the identity of jihadi john .
that could be because western intelligence agencies believe they have more to gain from keeping quiet , says aki peritz , a former cia officer .
" they can put pressure on his family , put pressure on his friends , " he told cnn .
" maybe they have a line to him .
maybe they know who his cousins are who are going to syria who can identify him .
however , if you publicly tell everybody who he is , his real identity , then maybe he 'll go to ground and he 'll disappear . "
( ew ) -- after four years off of the silver screen , james bond made his triumphant return this weekend in " skyfall "  and the british spy 's appeal was bigger than ever .
" skyfall " shattered the previous opening weekend record for a bond film , which was set in 2008 when " quantum of solace " bowed with $ 67.5 million .
with the lucrative thanksgiving holiday on the horizon and a straight " a " cinemascore grade , it 's likely that " skyfall " will also become the first bond movie to ever pass the $ 200 million mark at the domestic box office .
ew critics disagree on ' skyfall ' " skyfall 's " debut marks the seventh-best november opening weekend of all time  behind two " twilight " films and four " harry potter " titles  and the film , which sony and mgm spent about $ 200 million to make , garnered an impressive $ 25,050 per theater average from 3,505 theaters .
" skyfall 's " per-theater average was even more impressive in imax locations , where the film found $ 13.1 million ( 15 percent of its weekend gross ) from 320 screens , good for a $ 40,938 average .
daniel craig , the sixth man to play bond , has seen his popularity as the character surge since taking over the iconic role in 2006 .
his first bond film , " casino royale , " debuted with $ 40.8 million on the way to a $ 167.4 million finish .
two years later , " quantum of solace " opened 65 percent higher with $ 67.5 million on the way to $ 168.5 million total .
( reception for the film was tepid , which is why its endurance at the box office was so much weaker than " casino royale 's . " )
and now " skyfall " has improved upon " quantum 's " opening weekend by 30 percent .
at this rate , craig 's next turn as bond ( due in 2014 ) could garner well over $ 100 million in its debut frame .
editor 's note : this story originally appeared on cnn.com on october 20 .
barack obama mentioned ann nixon cooper on tuesday in his presidential victory speech .
ann nixon cooper , 106 years old , lived during a time when blacks and women did not have the right to vote .
atlanta , georgia ( cnn ) -- ann nixon cooper , 106 years old , has seen presidents come and go in her lifetime and has outlived most of them .
on a sunny fall morning , she left her weathered but well-kept tudor home in atlanta , georgia , to vote early -- this time for barack obama .
the african-american centenarian remembers a time not long ago when she was barred from voting because of her race .
" even if he did n't win , i was happy for him just to be nominated , " said the former socialite .
" the first black president -- is n't that something , at 106 years old ? "
watch obama say ' yes we can ' » at the fulton county government center , cooper was greeted by atlanta mayor shirley franklin .
" as all americans , we should cherish the right to vote and take every opportunity we have to vote our opinions .
she is an inspiration to me personally , but she is also quite an inspiration to all atlanta . "
watch cooper talk about her life and experiences »
( cnn ) -- it is not easy to capture a man 's life in 152 minutes , let alone a life as illustrious and complex as nelson mandela 's .
for london-born actor idris elba , who played the south african leader in the 2013 biopic " mandela : long walk to freedom , " the task was sure to feel herculean .
" i could never really articulate what it felt like to play mandela properly in an interview , " he admits in a phone conversation with cnn .
though the actor is british , and physically bears little resemblance to the late south african leader , elba recalls the unexpectedly warm reception he received , particularly from extras on set -- many of whom were locals who lived through the apartheid era .
" south africa is very embracing .
by the end of filming , many were even calling him " madiba . "
the experience , life-changing in many ways , was bound to feel odd .
next week will see the release of " mi mandela , " a tribute to mandela made up of songs written and produced by elba himself , and performed by a mixture of south african and british talent , including mumford & sons , the mahotella queens and maverick sabre .
" there were various sensations i experienced ( playing mandela ) , and i could never give an answer i was satisfied with .
i think this album represents that answer .
it allows me to express the feelings of playing him , " says elba .
( cnn ) -- serbia will face france in the final of the davis cup after a tense 3-2 semifinal victory over the czech republic in front of a passionate home support in belgrade .
the czechs led 2-1 after winning saturday 's doubles rubber , meaning the hosts had to claim victory in both reverse singles to secure their first-ever appearance in the final .
world number two novak djokovic , who missed friday 's opening singles with a stomach complaint , drew the two nations level at 2-2 when he recovered from the loss of the opening set to defeat czech no. 1 tomas berdych 4-6 6-3 6-2 6-4 .
there was less drama in the other semifinal , where france completed their domination over argentina with a 5-0 whitewash victory in lyon .
the french led 3-0 going into the final day , meaning nothing rested on the results of the reverse singles rubbers .
however , gilles simon 's 7-6 6-7 6-3 defeat of eduardo schwank meant the whitewash became a possibility -- and it was completed when arnaud clement beat horacio zeballos 7-5 6-1 .
the victory ensures france , who dumped out holders spain in the previous round , reached their first davis cup final since 2002 .
when no one wanted to build the world 's tallest and fastest water slide , jeff henry built it himself .
so when verrückt was completed , and it was time to test the 168-foot coaster in his kansas city , kansas , water park , the choice of test riders was rather easy .
the guinea pigs : henry , owner of schlitterbahn waterparks and resorts ; henry 's assistant ; and head designer john schooley .
" it was great fun , but it was actually terrifying . "
technical glitches forced the original may 23 opening date to be pushed back three times , a park spokesperson said .
officially certified by guinness world records in may , verrückt -- which is german for " insane " -- is 5 feet taller than the previous record holder , a water slide at a rio de janeiro country club .
verrückt is precisely 168 feet 7 inches tall .
to put that free fall in perspective , it 's longer than a plunge at niagara falls .
schooley stressed , however , that the ride is more than a single drop , calling it an " extreme thrill " without comparison .
" you have three or four experiences on the ride , " he said .
the origins of verrückt are as extreme as the ride itself .
according to schooley , owner henry was at a trade show and simply decided he wanted to build the tallest , fastest water slide at one of his five schlitterbahn water parks .
he immediately shopped the idea to vendors , who declined , but he refused to be denied .
so said the filmmaker ( and you can throw a few slashes after that title these days ) at the south by southwest festival here on monday during a panel called , appropriately , " the business of kevin smith . "
" i had no idea , but that would become the f --- ing center of everything i 'm doing now , " said smith , who broke into moves after making 1994 's indie hit " clerks " for roughly $ 25,000 .
" the ultimate freedom that allowed me to walk away from the ' heroin ' [ money ] of the movie business -- what gave me the strength to walk away -- was [ expletive ] podcasting . "
smith said he was working on " zach and miri make a porno , " which he wrote and directed , when he realized the passion that led him to make movies like " dogma " and " chasing amy " was gone .
" for a while i became a filmmaker and for a while a professional director , " he said .
" but i really felt like i 'm an artist . "
smith said he decided to take advantage of his access to celebrities and gift of gab to launch a new project .
and that led to " smodcast , " a weekly podcast that he and friend/co-producer scott mosier launched in 2007 and do to this day .
it was free .
but as its online audience grew , the opportunities to make money arose .
( cnn ) -- nascar 's hall of fame class for 2015 includes bill elliott , one of its most popular drivers ever , and wendell scott , the only african-american to win a top-level race , the auto racing sanctioning body announced wednesday .
three other drivers -- fred lorenzen , joe weatherly and rex white -- will be inducted at a ceremony on january 30 at the nascar hall of fame in charlotte , north carolina .
elliott won one winston cup title and 44 races in his 37-year career , including two victories at the daytona 500 .
known as " awesome bill from dawsonville " , a reference to his georgia hometown , elliott won the series top circuit championship in 1988 .
he was voted nascar 's most popular driver a record 16 times .
he also was the first african-american to race full time in nascar 's premier series , called the grand national series at the time .
scott made the top 10 in 30 % of the races in his 13-year grand national career .
he was portrayed in the 1977 movie " greased lightning " by richard pryor .
he died in 1990 .
lorenzen was considered one of the sport 's first superstars and won 26 races while running a part-time schedule in the 1960s and early 1970s .
weatherly was a two-time champion , in 1962 and in 1963 , when he raced for nine different teams .
white was a short-track specialist in the early days of nascar .
and since there were few super speedways , white finished in the top five about half the time .
he won the 1960 championship and 28 races in his career ( only twice at tracks longer than a mile ) .
ray rice is a human who made a mistake that he 'd never made before and that he wo n't make again , wife janay rice said in an interview that aired monday .
" ray knows me , and there 's no way .
he knows what he would have to deal with .
... i 'm not going to sit there in silence and let something happen to me .
and god forbid , in front of my child , just let it happen ?
there 's no way . "
it was janay rice 's second interview since her husband , a former running back for the baltimore ravens , viciously knocked her out in a casino elevator in atlantic city , new jersey , after a night of heavy drinking .
images from inside the elevator would change the pair 's lives , as ray rice was indefinitely suspended by the nfl , and janay rice became a poster child for domestic violence .
surveillance video shows ray rice drag her partially out of the elevator and callously dump her limp body face-first on the ground .
opening up sitting next to her mother , candy palmer , and occasionally fending off sniffles and dabbing her eyes with a tissue , janay rice said she was angry and hurt by her husband 's violence , but it also hurt to see his career pulled out from under him , to lose the " support system " that the ravens provided and to be forced to " pick up and move . "
( cnn ) -- ac milan withstood a brave comeback from arsenal to advance to the quarterfinals of the champions league tuesday despite a 3-0 defeat in the second leg at the emirates .
the italian champions had led 4-0 from the first leg last month and few bar the most optimistic of arsenal fans gave arsene wenger 's men any hope of retrieving the deficit .
but first-half goals from laurent koscielny , tomas rosicky and captain robin van persie gave the english premier league side the perfect platform to complete a remarkable recovery .
koscielny headed home from a corner , rosicky took advantage of a defensive mistake after a theo walcott run and van persie slotted home a penalty after the excellent alex-oxlade chamberlain was fouled .
" i felt he wanted to chip the keeper because he was down but abbiati got up very quickly but he reacted well and unfortunately we could n't score , wenger told sky sports .
" i hoped in the final 10 or 15 minutes to create some more goal chances , but it did n't happen . "
at the other end , zlatan ibrahimovic came to life and twice came close to scoring the milan goal which would have completely killed off the tie .
but at the finish it was the milan players who were celebrating , while arsenal will be boosted in their challenge for a champions league spot in the epl and remain in the fa cup .
panama city , panama ( cnn ) -- ricardo martinelli , the multimillionaire owner of a supermarket chain , was inaugurated as president of panama on wednesday .
ricardo martinelli is a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party .
national assembly president jose luis varela performed the swearing-in and placed the presidential sash on martinelli , a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party in may .
the citizens of panama " want things to be done differently , " varela said at the inauguration .
" an attitude of change starts today . "
in his first speech as president , martinelli promised a smaller government budget but raises for public workers .
public safety , an issue that the outgoing administration of martin torrijos struggled to maintain , will be a priority , martinelli said .
" our prisons will be rehabilitation centers , not schools for criminals , " he said .
panama will also work with mexico and colombia to combat drug trafficking in the region , martinelli said .
among the dignitaries at the inauguration was deposed honduran president jose manuel zelaya , who was ousted in a military-led coup sunday .
the organization of american states has condemned the coup , and zelaya has continued to carry out his presidential duties .
the son of italian immigrants , martinelli , 57 , is a self-made businessman who is chairman of the super 99 supermarket chain , one of the largest private companies in panama .
the u.s.-educated president previously served as minister and chairman of the board of directors of the panama canal authority and formerly was director of social security for panama , according to his web site .
( cnn ) -- jared gabay is like many other college students .
" i 'm more driven .
i do n't focus on anything else , " the auburn university senior says about taking the drugs .
" if i have a paper , that 's all i 'm doing .
no distractions , no socializing , just on with it . "
gabay takes the prescription drug adderall , designed to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder , or adhd .
he does n't have adhd or a prescription , but the drug is not hard for him to get .
' hey mind if i get some adderall ?
i 've got a long night ahead of me . ' "
after taking the pill he hits the books in his fraternity house room , pulling an all-nighter studying .
it 's a scene that is playing out at college campuses across the united states .
alan desantis , a professor and researcher at the university of kentucky , has tracked study drug use there .
" it 's abused more than marijuana and easier to get , " he says .
desantis ' research found that 30 % of students at the university have illegally used a stimulant , like the adhd drugs adderall or ritalin .
the numbers increase with upperclassmen .
half of all juniors and seniors have used the drugs , the study found , and 80 % of upperclassmen in fraternities and sororities have taken them .
adderall is an amphetamine and can be habit forming .
drugs in that category have , according to u.s. law " the highest abuse potential and dependence profile of all drugs that have medical utility . "
( cnn ) -- gillette said saturday it was " limiting " golfer tiger woods ' role in its marketing programs to give him the privacy he needs to work on family relationships after disclosures of his " infidelity . "
in a statement , the boston , massachusetts-based body grooming company said it supports woods ' decision to take " an indefinite break " from professional golf .
" in the midst of a difficult and unfortunate situation , we respect the action tiger is taking to restore the trust of his family , friends and fans , " gillette spokesman mike norton said in the statement .
we wish him and his family the best .
woods ' friday posting said : " after much soul searching , i have decided to take an indefinite break from professional golf .
i need to focus my attention on being a better husband , father and person . "
" i am deeply aware of the disappointment and hurt that my infidelity has caused to so many people , most of all my wife and children , " woods ' statement said .
" i want to say again to everyone that i am profoundly sorry and that i ask forgiveness .
it may not be possible to repair the damage i 've done , but i want to do my best to try . "
harare , zimbabwe ( cnn ) -- political corruption in zimbabwe threatens efforts to save millions of people from malaria in the southern african country , according to aid agency officials .
hiv-positive 13-year-old orphan evans mahlangu , left , and his brother edmond , 8 , had to jump zimbabwe 's border with mozambique to get anti-retroviral drugs .
the global fund to fight aids , tuberculosis and malaria has demanded that zimbabwe 's government return $ 7.3 million placed in the country 's reserve bank to pay for the distribution medicine that can cure malaria , according to the group 's spokesman .
a senior western diplomat in zimbabwe told cnn he believes the money was taken by zimbabwe president robert mugabe 's government to fund political activities .
he accused reserve bank governor gideon gono of involvement .
" this could put millions of people in zimbabwe at risk of malaria in the current malaria season , " said john linden , spokesman for the group which is a leading international financing institution for those diseases .
linden said his group has given zimbabwe until thursday to repay the money or else no more aid will be sent to the country .
" at this stage we do not have confidence in the reserve bank 's ability to release the money when needed , so we have demanded that all the money be released immediately , " linden said .
the money was intended to train thousands of health workers to distribute the malaria cure , medicine that is already available but sits on shelves .
cnn 's kim norgaard in johannesburg , south africa contributed to this report .
miami-dade circuit judge spencer eig temporarily barred the florida high school athletic association from disqualifying brian delancy , who was born in the bahamas , and dr. michael m. krop senior high school from the district playoffs , which begin thursday .
delancy " is very happy and relieved and he feels happy for his teammates , " said attorney david baron , who helped represent the athlete , 19 , and two other players .
eig did not rule on delancy 's eligibility , but granted a temporary injunction to allow krop to play until a full slate of hearings and appeals can take place within the athletic association , roger dearing , the association 's executive director , said it was too late to appeal eig 's ruling and krop will compete .
dearing said the association will hear new appeals after the tournament , likely in april .
" there is no win for kids here , " said dearing .
" what about the schools that played fair ? "
( cnn ) -- elmore leonard is something of a living legend among lovers of crime fiction .
a favorite of millions of readers , a hero to scores of writers , he 's been called " america 's greatest crime writer . "
the 86-year old author has been writing bestselling books for sixty years , mostly westerns and crime novels .
many of them have been turned into hit movies , including " 3:10 to yuma , " " get shorty " and " out of sight . "
now , leonard returns to one of his favorite characters in his newest book , his 45th novel to be exact , titled simply , " raylan . "
the laid back , stetson-wearing lawman first appeared in leonard 's novels , " pronto " and " riding the rap " and again in the 2001 short story , " fire in the hole " which became the basis for the hit tv show , " justified , " starring timothy olyphant as the title character .
the actor and the show are winning over fans , critics and leonard himself .
so much so that leonard has returned to writing about " raylan . "
the book just hit store shelves the same week the show had its third season premiere .
leonard , gracious and unassuming , shows no signs of slowing down at this point in his career .
the author spoke to cnn from his home in michigan .
the following is an edited transcript .
cnn : what brought you back to raylan ?
leonard : i 've always liked him .
he 's just one of my favorites .
he 's perfect , boy .
the way he talks i hear him just the way i heard him when i 'm writing it .
( cnn ) -- oscar-winning actress celeste holm died at her home in new york on sunday at the age of 95 , her niece , amy phillips , confirmed .
holm , a star of the broadway stage and movies , was admitted to new york 's roosevelt hospital a week ago , but her husband took her home to her manhattan home on friday , phillips said .
" she passed peacefully in her home in her own bed with her husband and friends and family nearby , " she said .
holm won the best supporting actress academy award for " gentleman 's agreement " in 1947 .
she was nominated for the same honor in 1949 for " come to the stable " and 1950 for " all about eve , " according to the academy database .
holm 's stage career began in 1936 in a deer lake , pennsylvania , stock company , which led to an understudy role in a touring production of " hamlet " with leslie howard , according to her official biography .
four years later , she was cast as ado annie in the smash " oklahoma ! "
because of her ability to " sing bad , " the biography said .
she signed a long-term contract with 20th century fox that began her film career in 1945 , after she toured europe entertaining troops with the uso .
her first fox movie was " three little girls in blue " in 1946 , a supporting role that earned her star billing for the musical " carnival in costa rica " in 1947 .
mexico city , mexico ( cnn ) -- mexican authorities were searching wednesday for two politicians accused of belonging to the familia michoacana drug cartel , which is blamed for killing more than 30 federal police officers in a series of attacks since saturday .
julio cesar godoy toscano , elected july 5 to the lower house of congress , is accused of being in charge of protection for the cartel , said monte alejandro rubido garcia , head of the national public security council .
godoy toscano is half-brother to michoacan 's governor , leonel godoy rangel , who wednesday urged his relative to surrender .
authorities also said they are searching for saul solis solis , alias " el lince , " who lost his bid for a congressional seat this month .
he is accused of being in charge of the cartel 's activities in the huacana area .
( cnn ) -- the rapper common wants to take hip-hop in a new direction , he says , and he has an unsuspecting ally -- president-elect barack obama .
common says he was looking for a new sound on his eighth album , " universal mind control . "
obama " is going to change hip-hop for the better , " predicted the rapper , whose eighth album , " universal mind control " ( g.o.o.d. music/geffen ) , hits shelves tuesday .
likewise , " universal mind control , " with its hook-heavy , synthed-out tracks , represents a " broadening " of hip-hop 's audience -- one that demands evolution rather than hackneyed revamps of old beats , rhythms and rhymes , common said .
listen to clips from the album and common 's interview with cnn.com » not that common , born lonnie rashid lynn jr. , is altogether removed from the temptations of his hip-hop brethren .
he serves as a spokesman for lincoln navigator and purports on his new album to " rebel in ysl , " a reference to designer yves saint laurent .
money is also a weakness , as common -- no. 14 on forbes magazine 's 2008 list of richest rappers -- regularly invokes the greenbacks he makes and spends .
( cnn ) -- an alaskan beat out 300 hirsute competitors from around the globe to take the top honor at the 2009 world beard and moustache championships on saturday .
david traver may have had home-court advantage : he was a favorite of the crowd at the dena'ina civic and convention center in anchorage , alaska , in both the " freestyle " category , where just about anything goes , and the overall championship .
his winning move ?
there were 17 officially sanctioned categories in the competition : eight styles of moustache , four varieties of partial beard and goatee combinations , and five categories of full beards .
the facial hair olympics got its start in 1990 in germany , and the german team typically dominates the event .
photo gallery : best beards and moustaches » this year 's contest is the second time the world beard and moustache championships have been held in the united states -- carson city , nevada , hosted the event in 2003 .
karl-heinz hille of germany came in second overall with a first-place finish in the imperial partial beard category , and jack passion of san francisco , california , placed third overall with his winning entry in the natural full beard category .
( cnn ) -- edgar hernandez did n't expect to learn that he was pre-diabetic at age 16 .
when his mother burst into tears at the doctor 's office , it hit him hard .
he was 370 pounds and could n't stand to look at himself .
it was tough being a fat kid , but things became unbearable in high school .
edgar was seeing a therapist for depression symptoms .
kids would point at his " fat wobbling everywhere , " especially as he struggled to keep up .
" i tried my best to ignore it .
but there were times when i just gave in and started crying , " said edgar , who lives in a suburb of st. louis and is now 18 .
everyone in his family had a weight problem ; his parents developed type 2 diabetes in their forties .
but edgar was the biggest .
" he would eat two really big burritos or sandwiches a day , packed with cheese , sour cream , a lot of bread , butter , " his older brother mario said .
" he would be watching tv , playing video games . "
after receiving the sobering blood test result at the doctor 's office , edgar went home and cried .
and then something new happened : he owned up to his weight problem .
he dried his tears , threw on his jacket and began jogging .
he only got about half a mile before he stopped and threw up .
that was a year and a half ago .
edgar , who is 5-foot-9 , went on to drop nearly 200 pounds .
he now weighs 185 pounds .
he has traded his double-xl shirts and size 48 pants for medium t-shirts and 33-inch pants .
( cnn ) -- nelson mandela , anti-apartheid icon , nobel peace laureate and south africa 's first black president , celebrated his 90th birthday friday by doing something he had indicated he would not do again -- grant an interview to journalists .
mandela sits at the 6th nelson mandela lecture in soweto , johannesburg .
a cheerful-looking mandela welcomed cnn 's robyn curnow , along with reporters from two other organizations , into the sitting room of his home in qunu , a small village in the rolling hills of south africa 's eastern cape region where he grew up .
" what day is this ? "
mandela joked , pretending not to realize it was his birthday .
he used a smile to dodge curnow 's first question of what was his favorite memory from his long life .
he did say he was very happy to have lived to be 90 .
mandela credited his longevity to the way he conducted his life .
" i do n't regret it because the things that attracted me were things that pleased my soul . "
graca machel , whom he married on his 80th birthday , sat nearby and mandela was surrounded by grandchildren .
watch what mandela 's grandchildren have to say » mandela then lamented the gap between rich and poor in south africa .
" poverty still grips our people .
if you 're poor , you 're not likely to live for long , " he said .
watch cnn 's mandela interview » this was mandela 's first meeting with reporters since he announced in 2004 that he would give no more interviews .
while he stayed out of the spotlight over the last four years , he has stayed busy with his charitable causes .
dearborn , michigan ( cnn ) -- steve bengelsvorf and terry flynn are chatting over beers on a hot , humid wednesday night at bamboozles , a dearborn , michigan , bar and restaurant , and a common pit stop for nearby factory workers .
they work at the nearby severstal steel company .
they 're nearing retirement .
and they both have strong opinions about who the next president should be .
" i 'm not for obamacare , i 'm not for his immigration policies , i do n't particularly agree with 100 % of his economic policies , " bengelsvorf said .
for the record , he 's a bud light guy -- and a mitt romney supporter .
" we ca n't go further into debt , and obama is putting us further and further into debt by all these stimulus plans . "
if it were n't for the obama-backed health care law , flynn said his friend 's unemployed son ( a recent college graduate ) would n't have health insurance coverage .
cnn poll : health care ruling has not impacted race for white house , so far when it comes to the economy , flynn admits it 's taking too long to recover from the recession .
but he said that " going back to the policies that got us into this mess is not the direction we want to go . "
severstal supplies steel to the big three automakers -- ford , general motors and chrysler -- so flynn 's and bengelsvorf 's jobs are tied to the auto industry .
london ( cnn ) -- a pakistani woman went on trial in london monday , charged with keeping a woman from tanzania as a slave .
when mruke arrived in london , prosecutor caroline haughey told the jury , she was expecting to work as khan 's housekeeper .
mruke regularly worked 18-hour days , and would be summoned by the sound of a bell to attend to khan .
she was not allowed to leave the house , except to visit the supermarket or for medical appointments , and always accompanied by khan , the prosecution said .
in addition , the jury of nine women and three men was told , khan kept mruke 's passport and would listen in on her phone calls back home .
when mruke 's parents were dying , the jury heard , khan forbade her to travel home , with the result that she did not get the chance to say goodbye to them before they died , nor did she get the opportunity to attend their funeral .
the jury was shown pictures of what the prosecution said was a mattress and a single blanket , the bed on which mruke was forced to sleep in the kitchen of khan 's three-bedroom house in harrow , northwest london .
the jury also heard that khan had failed to honor an employment agreement relating to mruke .
oslo , norway ( cnn ) -- at a prize ceremony honoring peace , adán cortés says violence and injustice sent him rushing toward the stage .
in a matter of seconds , the 21-year-old mexican student 's face was seen around the world last week as he stood in front of malala yousafzai at the nobel peace prize ceremony in oslo , norway .
" please malala , mexico , " he repeated as he unfurled a mexican flag on the stage at oslo 's city hall , where the 17-year-old laureate was about to become the youngest person ever to receive the prestigious award .
speaking to cnn at an oslo detention center on sunday , cortés said he knows it was a drastic move .
but he felt like he had no choice and wanted only a few seconds to speak about mexico 's problems on a global stage .
" my motivation was to show solidarity with all the things that have happened in my country , ultimately , well , the 43 missing students , who are suspected to be dead and burned , that was my main motivation , " he said .
" i am tired of so many injustices that we have lived in mexico , for decades . "
the students ' case has sparked national outrage in mexico and drawn global attention to the country 's continued struggles to deal with police corruption and drug-related violence .
ronaldo , who left united for real in a world record $ 130 million deal in 2009 , has been the subject of much speculation in recent months .
the 28-year-old has scored 201 goals in 199 appearances for real and club president florentino perez recently stated that he expected ronaldo to finish his career in the spanish capital .
" he 's a great person off the field .
i hope he can stay here for a long time because he can help us win important titles . "
the loss of ronaldo would be a huge blow to a real side hoping to snatch the league title back from barcelona and win its first champions league crown since 2002 .
real has lost out at the semifinal stage in each of the past three seasons with borussia dortmund the last team to put paid to the spanish club 's dream of a 10th triumph in the competition .
" we have come very close to winning the champions league in the past few years and that leaves a very bitter taste in the mouth , " ozil revealed .
brasov , romania ( cnn ) -- the ruins of poienari castle sit high on a mountain peak with a seemingly never-ending vista looking out over deep gorges , charcoal-gray cliffs and mountain streams .
it 's a natural paradise , but we did not make the trip to this castle just for the awesome view .
visitors come for its connection to history 's most famous vampire , dracula .
and there is a bit of truth to it .
stoker never visited eastern europe , but his famous character is based , in part , on a real 15th-century prince .
vlad dracula lived from 1431 to about 1476 and ruled wallachia , which was actually south of transylvania .
as military leader , he was a hero to his people , and he has a place in the romanian national military museum .
another museum explains the name " dracula " is actually a title from the knightly order of the dragon , whose mission was to defend christianity .
documents he signed " vlad dracula " still exist .
a nickname often associated with him is tepes , which means impaler , and comes from his brutal application of capital punishment by skewering bodies on a wooden spike .
visiting dracula 's castle poienari castle is not on the main tourist route .
in fact , it 's pretty hard to get there .
public transportation is infrequent , and the big tourist town in the region , brasov , is hours away .
new york ( cnn ) -- a berlin-bound united airlines flight returned saturday night to newark liberty international airport after a problem developed in the left engine , officials said .
eyewitnesses reported seeing flames spewing from engine right after the plane took off .
a tire blew during takeoff and flew into an engine , fbi spokeswoman barbara woodruff said .
the federal aviation administration said it could not confirm that .
flight 96 , with 173 passengers and crew , circled the airport and burned fuel before landing at 8:05 p.m. , according to the faa .
potential faa cuts would create big hassles for fliers the crew of the boeing 757 reported a problem after it left new jersey for berlin , said faa spokeswoman kathleen bergen .
eyewitness keisha thomas , who was traveling on the new jersey turnpike , said she witnessed fireballs near a wing shortly after the plane took off .
thomas heard a loud sound , describing it as " pow , pow , pow . "
djenaba johnson-jones , who lives across the river from the airport , said she heard an unusual noise and saw fire , but not smoke , coming from the aircraft 's left engine .
eyewitness dennis ostolaza said he heard a " propeller sound " akin to a military helicopter as the plane gained altitude after takeoff , with " black smoke and fire spitting out of the engine . "
( cnn ) -- two former presidents reflected on their greatest regrets in office monday , each looking back to issues that continue to plague the nation years later .
former presidents george h.w. bush and bill clinton appeared together at a question-and-answer forum before the national automobile dealers association in new orleans , louisiana .
asked his biggest regret after leaving office , bush said he now wonders whether he should have tried to get saddam hussein to leave office at the end of the first gulf war in 1991 .
he told the gathering , " i 've thought a lot about it , but at the end of desert storm , the question was should we have kind of kept going on that road to death and all this slaughter until saddam hussein showed up and laid his sword on the table , surrendered .
and the common wisdom was he would n't do that . "
but he said a conversation with an fbi agent who interrogated saddam after he was captured has made him reconsider .
and this guy said , ' i 'm absolutely convinced he would have . '
my experts tell me he would n't have . "
bush said , " we ended it the way we said we would " as a military success , but noted a cleaner ending " would have been perfect . "
( cnn ) -- abu yahya al-libi , al qaeda 's no. 2 man , was killed in pakistan on monday , according to u.s. officials .
al-libi 's death was " another serious blow to core al qaeda , " white house spokesman jay carney said .
al-libi , 49 , was a well-regarded figure in jihadist circles and had emerged as one of the terrorist network 's most important clerics and propagandists , appearing in countless videos in recent years .
drone strikes remain a highly contentious issue between the united states and pakistan .
by most accounts , al-libi was effectively al qaeda 's deputy leader .
a libyan citizen and an islamic scholar , al-libi bolstered his credibility within jihad groups after escaping from u.s. custody in afghanistan in 2005 .
he became the public face of al qaeda and used his religious training to justify the organization 's actions .
as one of the group 's chief ideologues and propagandists , al-libi appeared in numerous recruitment videos in which he cast himself as a sheikh with the legitimacy to issue fatwas .
other than his appearances in propaganda videos , it 's unclear which plots against the west al-libi was involved in .
a wanted ad from the u.s. state department described him as a " key motivator in the global jihadi movement , " and said that " his messages convey a clear threat to u.s. persons or property worldwide . "
what does his death mean for al qaeda ?
no one else within the group rivals his legitimacy as a religious scholar nor has the credibility in the arab world to provide islamic justifications for al qaeda 's global campaign of terrorism , he said .
since roger goodell took over as nfl commissioner in september 2006 , he 's had his hands full .
here are some that have attracted the biggest headlines : michael vick 's dog fighting arrest allegations of vick 's participation in dog fighting activities began to swirl in april 2007 .
within three months , the atlanta falcons quarterback and three associates were indicted in federal court .
vick served 20 months for the conviction .
in 2009 , goodell reinstated vick to the league on a conditional basis .
in 2011 , he signed a six-year , $ 100 million contract with the philadelphia eagles , making vick one of the highest earning players in the nfl .
vick is now a backup quarterback for the new york jets .
plaxico buress ' nightclub incident the former new york giants wide receiver accidentally shot himself in the leg with a .40-caliber semiautomatic pistol he was carrying in his waistband .
the " west memphis three " member recalled telling inmates he had figured out the secret of life .
" what is it ? "
enjoy it , ' " baldwin told cnn memphis affiliate wmc .
and enjoy it he did friday and saturday .
baldwin , damien echols and jessie misskelley jr. -- freed friday in arkansas after a complicated plea arrangement -- spent time with family , friends and supporters .
echols and baldwin saw the sunset friday from the rooftop of the madison hotel in memphis , across the mississippi river from west memphis , arkansas .
supporters eddie vedder of pearl jam and natalie maines of the dixie chicks joined the party .
the three men , who served 18 years in prison following their convictions in a 1993 triple-slaying in west memphis , walked free friday to cheers from a supportive crowd after entering rarely used pleas in which they maintained their innocence but acknowledged that prosecutors have evidence to convict them .
prosecutors argued that the defendants , teenagers at the time , were driven by satanic ritual and that echols , sentenced to death , had been the ringleader .
baldwin and misskelley received life sentences .
attorney stephen braga , who represented echols , said his newly freed client and baldwin were fascinated by new foods , cell phones and other technology friday .
tunis , tunisia ( cnn ) -- polls closed late sunday in tunisia , the torchbearer of the so-called arab spring , but voters will not see results of national elections until tuesday , officials said .
on sunday , long lines of voters snaked around schools-turned-polling-stations in tunis 's upscale menzah neighborhood , some waiting for hours to cast a vote in the nation 's first national elections since the country 's independence in 1956 .
" it 's a wonderful day .
it 's the first time we can choose our own representatives , " said walid marrakchi , a civil engineer who waited more than two hours , and who brought along his 3-year-old son ahmed so he could " get used to freedom and democracy . "
tunisia 's election is the first since a popular uprising in january overthrew long-time dictator zine el abidine ben ali and triggered a wave of revolutions -- referred to as the arab spring -- across the region .
more than 60 political parties and thousands of independent candidates competed for 218 seats in a new constitutional assembly , which will be charged with writing a new constitution and laying the framework for a government system .
voters appeared jubilant on sunday , taking photos of each other outside polling stations , some holding tunisian flags .
" it 's a holiday , " said housewife maha haubi , who had just taken her position at the end of the long line of more than 1,000 voters waiting outside an elementary school in menzah .
" before we never even had the right to say ' yes ' or ' no . ' "
nearby , banker aid naghmaichi said she did n't mind the long wait to vote .
( cnn ) " in order to attain the impossible , one must attempt the absurd , " wrote miguel de cervantes , the shakespeare of spain .
and the quest to find his remains has sometimes seemed both , even ( dare one say it ) quixotic in a time of recession .
but forensic scientists have persevered , and appear to have triumphed .
almost 400 years after cervantes ' death , a team led by francisco etxeberria announced tuesday that they were confident they had found cervantes ' coffin in the crypt of the convent of the barefoot trinitarians in the barrio de las letras ( literary quarter ) in madrid .
historical records indicated cervantes had been buried there , but the convent had been substantially rebuilt since .
( etxeberria , incidentally , performed the autopsy on former chilean president gen. salvador allende , confirming he had committed suicide . )
" we have cervantes , represented in some form in this group of bones that are unfortunately very degraded and very fragmented , " etxeberria told national television .
it first mapped more than 30 burial cavities in the walls and nearly 5 meters beneath the floor of the church .
mass spectrometry dated fragments of wood and cloth found in these cavities to the 17th century , an encouraging but far from conclusive development .
david wildstein resigned his position at the port authority of new york and new jersey in december amid allegations that christie appointees had ordered access lanes to the nation 's biggest river crossing in fort lee closed last year to punish that town 's mayor politically for not endorsing christie for reelection .
wildstein 's attorney , alan zegas , wrote on friday that " evidence exists " contradicting christie 's recollection about the lane closures at a news conference earlier this month .
" evidence exists ... tying mr. christie to having knowledge of the lane closures , during the period when the lanes were closed , contrary to what the governor stated publicly in a two-hour press conference ( on january 9 ) , " zegas said in a letter to the general counsel of the port authority of new york and new jersey , which operates the bridge and where wildstein had worked for the governor .
days of lane closures the letter references the closures over a work week in september , but does not suggest that " evidence " contradicts anything christie has said so far about his advisers at the time or any role they might have played in alleged political shenanigans .
the letter also does not suggest that christie had any advance knowledge of the closings .
cnn senior legal analyst jeffrey toobin said zegas ' letter is just that .
" it 's not sworn testimony .
it 's not proof , " he said .
( cnn ) -- a second former co-owner of the california slaughterhouse involved in a recall of nearly nine million pounds of meat was charged with knowingly processing and distributing meat from cancerous cows , court documents released this week say .
he is charged with distributing " adulterated , misbranded , and uninspected " meat , according to the documents .
singleton jointly owned the meat plant with jesse j. amaral jr. , the former president and general manager who is also known as also known as " babe amaral . "
amaral and his former employees , felix sandoval cabrera and eugene corda , have all been charged with unlawful sale and distribution of contaminated meat .
prosecutors allege that amaral and singleton directed corda and cabrera to circumvent inspection procedures for certain cows with signs of epithelioma of the eye , also known as " cancer eye . "
while singleton is accused of knowingly purchasing cattle with signs of epithelioma , amaral allegedly directed employees to carve " usda condemned " stamps out of certain cow carcasses and to process them for sale and distribution , despite having been rejected by the u.s. department of agriculture veterinarian .
amaral is also charged with sending false invoices to farmers , telling them that their cattle had died or been condemned and charging them " handling fees " for disposal of the carcasses , instead of compensating them for the sale price , prosecutors said .
if convicted , singleton faces up to three years imprisonment , with one year of supervised release , and a $ 10,000 fine .
amaral , cabrera and corda could receive up to 20 years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines .
guatemala city , guatemala ( cnn ) -- gunmen who shot dead facundo cabral likely did not have the argentine folk singer as their intended target , said guatemalan interior minister carlos menocal .
cabral , one of latin america 's best-known folk singers , was killed saturday on his way to the airport in guatemala city .
in the car with cabral was a nicaraguan businessman , henry farina , who was driving , said menocal .
" everything points to that the attack was directed at him ( farina ) , and not the artist , " he said .
still , a motive for the shooting remained unclear .
cabral died , becoming the latest victim in a wave of violence that has rocked the nation ahead of elections .
guatemalan president alvaro colom declared three days of national mourning in honor of the singer .
gunmen attacked the suv -- at least 20 bullet holes could be seen on the range rover .
nothing was reported stolen from the vehicle , government spokesman ronaldo robles said saturday .
police found a brown hyundai santa fe nearby containing bullet-proof vests and ak-47 magazines .
just like you ca n't blame guatemalans for the death of facundo cabral , " said ernesto justo lopez , the argentine ambassador to guatemala .
ironically , cabral , who said he was inspired by jesus christ and mohandas gandhi , was recognized in 1996 by the organization of the united nations educational , scientific and cultural organization as a " world peace messenger . "
( cnn ) -- the pakistani president tuesday said his country provided initial help that ultimately led to al qaeda leader osama bin laden , but he said it had no clue about the terror mastermind 's whereabouts and did n't participate in the u.s. raid to kill the top militant .
asif ali zardari , writing in a washington post op-ed column , said that the raid was not a " joint operation " and bin laden " was not anywhere we had anticipated he would be . "
u.s. politicians and military officials have roundly criticized pakistan for not being more robust in the fight against al qaeda , the taliban and other militants who have a strong presence along the afghan-pakistani border .
zardari said he " endorses the words " of and " appreciates the credit " from u.s. president barack obama about pakistan 's role .
such baseless speculation may make exciting cable news , but it does n't reflect fact .
cnn -- elton john may be famous for smash hits such as " tiny dancer " and scores for films such as " the lion king , " but he 's also made a name for himself in hiv/aids activism .
the singer-songwriter established the elton john aids foundation in the united states and the united kingdom to support hiv prevention programs , efforts to eliminate stigma and discrimination associated with the disease , and care and support services for people living with the condition .
the foundation has raised more than $ 150 million .
john sat down with cnn chief medical correspondent dr. sanjay gupta before speaking tuesday at the bio international convention in atlanta , georgia .
here is an edited transcript .
cnn : what are you doing here today ?
and we have to start all over again , which is really , really frustrating because it takes money for education .
and we find that if we could get into the schools at a grass-roots levels , which we do in places like africa where we get to kids at a young age and we tell them about preventive measures for not getting hiv , we find the success rate is tremendous .
watch more of dr. gupta 's interview with elton john »
the conclusion , leaked to multiple french media agencies and reuters , contradicts the findings of swiss forensic scientists who concluded last month that samples taken from arafat 's exhumed body were consistent with polonium-210 exposure but did not definitely prove that he was poisoned .
" i 'm convinced there is something wrong , and he did not die from a natural death , " suha arafat said at a news conference in paris .
she said she is requesting that the swiss findings be made available to french authorities investigating her husband 's death .
she said the medical experts in switzerland and france came from different medical fields .
" i do n't doubt them .
but they are different skills .
they are different types of medicines , " she said .
the french findings will do little to quell the rumors that arafat was poisoned .
palestinian officials said in the days before his death that arafat had a blood disorder -- though they ruled out leukemia -- and that he had digestive problems .
rumors of poisoning circulated at the time , but palestinian officials denied them .
two weeks after arafat 's death , his nephew said medical records showed no cause of death .
nasser al-kidwa , who was the palestinian observer to the united nations , said toxicology tests showed " no known poison , " though he refused to exclude the possibility that poison caused his uncle 's death .
( cnn ) -- the supreme court has just agreed to take on the case of fisher v. university of texas .
abigail fisher , a white woman , argues that she has been a victim of the university 's race-conscious admission policies ; the university contends that its drive for racial and ethnic diversity is educationally enriching -- a benefit to all students .
will the ugly discourse that generally characterizes debate over racially preferential policies disappear with the wave of a magic supreme court wand ?
it seems unlikely .
it arrived in the early 1970s and , despite many attacks , some of which have taken the form of amendments to state constitutions , it has survived in pretty fine fettle .
the court will have only eight justices to hear the arguments .
elena kagan , having been involved in the case as solicitor general in the obama administration , has bowed out of participation .
her absence , however , leaves five justices likely to express at least some degree of skepticism about the racial preferences given to non-asian minorities in the admissions process .
has the university of texas been enriched by academic diversity ?
but equally likely is the possibility that racial double standards reinforce stereotypes about smart whites and even smarter asians .
there are certainly wide gaps in the average sat scores between blacks and hispanics , on the one hand , and whites and asians , on the other hand .
among freshmen entering the university of texas in 2009 who did not fall into the top 10 % of their high school class ( automatic admission at the university ) , asians scored at the 93rd percentile of 2009 sat takers nationwide , whites at the 89th percentile , hispanics at the 80th percentile and blacks at the 52nd percentile .
heartbreaking , yes , because the numbers mean the underperforming minority students are being woefully ill served by the k-12 school system .
koch was born december 12 , 1924 , but his tombstone at trinity church cemetery in upper manhattan made him appear 18 years younger than he was -- december 12 , 1942 , was set in stone .
the birth and death dates were added within the past 10 days , according to an etching company representative .
" ed would have loved this attention and called the situation ' ridiculous ! ' "
arzt told cnn on tuesday .
koch was a u.s. congressman from 1968 until he ran for new york mayor in 1977 .
koch died of congestive heart failure on february 1 .
he was 88 -- despite what his tombstone temporarily calculated .
( oprah.com ) -- when chicagoan tammy jo long visited savannah , georgia , ten years ago , she was delighted by its fountain-filled parks , corner cafã © s -- and grand architecture .
" i saw a mansion with enormous cornices and cast-iron window surrounds , and i was hooked . "
so hooked , in fact , that she decided to buy a second home there , closing the deal on her next visit .
oprah.com : what 's your design style ?
her learning curve : long was determined to restore her new house to its original glory .
though she 'd remodeled a few kitchens and bathrooms over the years , a historically accurate renovation that did justice to the savannah architecture she loved was daunting .
yearning to share her handiwork , long turned the home into a vacation rental .
soon , enchanted out-of-towners were eagerly booking their stays .
oprah.com : ingenious ways to decorate small spaces her business model : in 2003 long quit her job in sales and bought and restored four more homes , traveling between savannah and chicago ( where she and her ex-husband share custody of their 9-year-old son ) .
" some of the properties had been vacant for 20 years , " long says .
" they had rats you could put a saddle on . "
six rebels died and dozens more were wounded in fighting wednesday and thursday , he said .
he predicted that the fighters would reach the coastal road that leads to the capital city within days .
zawiya is strategically important because the coastal road through the city is the main supply line from the tunisian border to areas held by libyan leader moammar gadhafi .
regime officials were not available thursday evening for comment .
ban is urging " all libyan parties " to engage with his special envoy , abdel-elah al-khatib , " and respond concretely and positively to the ideas presented to them , in order to end the bloodshed in the country , " the spokesperson said .
his remarks came three days after allegations that a nato strike in the village of majer near zlitan wound up killing 85 civilians --- 33 children , 32 women and 20 men .
the tripoli government called it " a massaacre " of civilians ; nato has said its warplanes struck two farms used as a staging point for gadhafi 's forces
joint base lewis-mcchord , washington ( cnn ) -- the american soldier accused of killing 16 afghan villagers in a shooting rampage is sitting in a military courtroom for the next week or more , hearing the evidence against him .
the article 32 hearing began monday at joint base lewis-mcchord in washington state to determine if a trial is warranted for u.s. army staff sgt. robert bales , who could get the death penalty if convicted .
the deadly shooting spree near a small u.s. base in afghanistan 's kandahar province last march strained already tense u.s.-afghan relations and intensified a debate about whether to pull out american troops ahead of their planned 2014 withdrawal .
" he committed a mass killing crime , and we would like the court in the united states to implement justice and punish him according to the crime , " ahmad zia syamak , a spokesman for afghan president hamid karzai , told cnn on monday .
bales acted with " chilling premeditation " and was " lucid , coherent and responsive " when he left the remote outpost and went from house to house , gunning down villagers , lt. col. joseph morse , the army 's prosecutor , told the court .
women and children were among the 16 dead and six wounded , authorities said .
" nothing really justifies killing women and children in a noncombat situation , " bales ' attorney , john henry browne , told cnn earlier .
read more : stunned friends recall good deeds of afghanistan killings suspect the first soldier to testify monday was cpl. david godwin , who said he watched a movie and drank jack daniels whiskey with bales and another soldier , sgt. jason mclaughlin , just hours before the alleged attack .
johannesburg ( cnn ) -- a plane carrying madagascar 's ousted leader marc ravalomanana was turned away from madagascan airspace saturday as he tried to return from exile , his spokesman and the airline said .
but ravalomanana 's spokesman patrick gearing , in south africa , told cnn that the civil aviation authorities on the indian ocean island had closed the airspace , refusing the plane permission to land .
by saturday afternoon the plane -- and ravalomanana -- were back in south africa , said gearing .
ravalomanana was ousted in march 2009 through a coup backed by the military , which handed power to current president andry rajoelina , the youthful former mayor of antananarivo .
shortly before boarding his flight to the capital , antananarivo , ravalomanana said that he had just spoken with the madagascan prime minister omer beriziky , who told him " everything was ok . "
speaking before the flight took off , gearing said : " he has no control over what will happen to him when he arrives but he is prepared to face whatever comes his way . "
madagascar is in the process of implementing a peace agreement facilitated by a regional body , the south african development community .
gearing says ravalomanana met with south africa 's president jacob zuma friday to thank him for letting him stay following his ouster .
" the more information we get , the more we 're inclined to conclude that it was not a terrorist incident , " interpol secretary general ronald noble told reporters tuesday at his organization 's headquarters in lyon , france .
here 's what we know about what happened , how it happened and why .
who are they ?
metadata from the photo indicates that it was shot with an iphone at 8:20 p.m. the night before the plane departed .
cnn has blurred the faces of the other two men to protect their identities .
to fly out of malaysia , reza and nourmohammadi used passports that were stolen in thailand , a booming market for stolen passports .
the passports belonged to citizens of italy and austria .
the italian , luigi maraldi , 37 , told reporters he reported his passport stolen in august .
( cnn ) -- scotland 's first minister alex salmond has warned american billionaire donald trump against interfering in government matters ahead of his controversial golf course opening the trump international golf links , which the tycoon hopes will become the world 's best course , is due to open in aberdeenshire on july 10 , but plans for an adjoining hotel have been shelved due to a row over the development of a nearby offshore wind farm .
trump claims he was misled by salmond over the american 's $ 1 billion project and has threatened to sue the scottish government if the wind farm development is not abandoned .
but salmond , who has welcomed the golf course 's construction , told trump not to interfere in scotland 's energy policy .
who will golf 's run of new major winners " donald trump is building a fantastic golf course in scotland that i very much support and i 've been a great supporter of it , " salmond told cnn at the ted global conference in the scottish capital of edinburgh .
" unfortunately , recently , he has tried to tell the scottish government how to run our energy policy .
" so , i suppose the message i have to say is , yes to great golf courses , we have the greatest golf courses in the world in scotland and one more wo n't do any harm , but let the democratically elected government of scotland decide its own energy policy . "
in april , trump appeared in the scottish parliament to express his opposition to the north sea wind farm .
salmond has questioned the strategy of trump , who will open his new course with a ceremony including local golf stars such as colin montgomerie and paul lawrie , to potentially pursue legal action against the scottish government .
the 75-year-old blatter , who has held office since 1998 , will go head-to-head with the qatari on june 1 in zurich , switzerland .
elias figueroa , a former international defender for chile , had intended to put himself forward for the role but announced last week there was not enough time for a credible campaign to be launched .
american journalist grant wahl said earlier this year he was hoping to stand , but it was more a ploy to raise awareness about what he called the " need for change " at an organization which has earned $ 4.189 billion over the last four years than a realistic challenge to blatter 's supremacy .
marvelous mourinho record falls -- but will it ever be beaten ?
africa 's issa hayatou was the last candidate to run against the swiss when he was defeated in the 2002 ballot , which came after a campaign of accusations of financial mismanagement at fifa .
bin hammam , a fifa executive committee member and president of the asian football confederation , told cnn last month that the time had arrived for change in the organization after more than a decade under the stewardship of the swiss .
blatter , who has been involved with fifa since 1975 , announced at a recent uefa congress in paris this will be his last term as president if he is elected for another four years at the helm .
blatter plans final term as bin hammam calls for change
a former top appointee of chris christie says there is evidence contradicting what the new jersey governor has said publicly about the notorious george washington bridge traffic lane closures that have roiled the republican 's administration , according to the man 's lawyer .
david wildstein resigned his position at the port authority of new york and new jersey in december amid allegations that christie appointees had ordered access lanes to the nation 's biggest river crossing in fort lee closed last year to punish that town 's mayor politically for not endorsing christie for reelection .
wildstein 's attorney , alan zegas , wrote on friday that " evidence exists " contradicting christie 's recollection about the lane closures at a news conference earlier this month .
" evidence exists ... tying mr. christie to having knowledge of the lane closures , during the period when the lanes were closed , contrary to what the governor stated publicly in a two-hour press conference ( on january 9 ) , " zegas said in a letter to the general counsel of the port authority of new york and new jersey , which operates the bridge and where wildstein had worked for the governor .
days of lane closures the letter references the closures over a work week in september , but does not suggest that " evidence " contradicts anything christie has said so far about his advisers at the time or any role they might have played in alleged political shenanigans .
the letter also does not suggest that christie had any advance knowledge of the closings .
zegas also did n't disclose the evidence .
cnn senior legal analyst jeffrey toobin said zegas ' letter is just that .
" it 's not sworn testimony .
it 's not proof , " he said .
letta made the announcement after meeting with president giorgio napolitano , who had given him that mandate on wednesday .
the 46-year-old former deputy prime minister and his ministers will be sworn in on sunday at 11:30 a.m. , the presidential palace said .
parliament is expected to confirm his government through a vote of confidence on monday .
letta 's acceptance of the leadership role is expected to limit the uncertainty that has gripped the nation since february , when elections left none of the candidates with enough support to form a government .
he gave reporters a list of his 18 ministers , two of whom are members of the center-right people of freedom party led by three-time prime minister silvio berlusconi .
nearly all the others are members of letta 's democratic party or people close to it .
letta had accepted napolitano 's request to take the job with reservations napolitano , 87 , was re-elected by italy 's parliament on saturday to an unprecedented second term as president .
february 's general election resulted in a three-way split among the right , the left and a wild-card party .
letta said this week that the most important step would be to tackle the country 's 11.6 % unemployment rate , which has pushed many young italians to leave the country .
the second most pressing issue facing italy is the need for political reform , he said .
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- closing arguments are set for wednesday in the trial of mexican soap opera actress fernanda romero on federal charges that her marriage was an illegal sham intended only to earn her a u.s. work permit .
on tuesday , romero tearfully testified that she really loved kent ross , the pizza deliveryman she married five years ago .
their marriage was real , but it soon fell apart because of his drinking and her focus on a modeling and acting career , romero told jurors .
romero is accused of paying ross $ 5,000 to marry her on june 12 , 2005 , but the prosecutor alleged they never lived together as a couple .
u.s. district judge manuel real blocked defense lawyers from using evidence they said would show romero was set up and turned in by a vengeful photographer angry that she rebuffed his romantic advances .
the job of convincing jurors the marriage was real fell on romero , a 28-year-old actress-singer-model who starred in telemundo 's " wounded soul " soap opera .
the prosecutor suggested romero was using her professional acting skills to sell her own fiction .
romero testified she married for love , not a green card .
the couple did n't have a family wedding because he is mormon and she is catholic , she said .
they kept separate hollywood apartments because he could n't break a lease and she traveled a lot , she said .
" we socialized together , passionate .
( cnn ) hawaii is poised to become the first state in the nation to prohibit the sale of cigarettes and other tobacco products to anybody under age 21 .
the bill will now go before gov. david ige , whose signature would make it law in hawaii as of january 1 , 2016 .
forty-six u.s. states permit the sale of tobacco to anyone 18 or older , while alabama , alaska , new jersey and utah require customers to be at least 19 .
dozens of cities and towns , including new york , have already raised the minimum legal age for tobacco purchases to 21 .
" this bold step will reduce smoking among young people , save lives and help make the next generation tobacco-free , " said matthew l. myers , president of the campaign for tobacco-free kids , in a prepared statement .
" increasing the sale age to 21 will reduce tobacco use among youth and young adults , age groups when nearly all smoking begins and that are heavily targeted by the tobacco industry , " he said .
it was not clear monday whether ige would sign the bill , although on friday he approved legislation banning the the use of e-cigarettes in all locations where smoking is illegal .
a spokeswoman for the governor told cnn in an email that he would need some time to review the bill .
setting the minimum age at 21 nationwide would result in nearly a quarter-million fewer premature deaths and 50,000 fewer deaths from lung cancer among people born between 2000 and 2019 , the report estimated .
( cnn ) -- woody harrelson defended his clash with a photographer at a new york airport wednesday night as a case of mistaken identity -- he says he mistook the cameraman for a zombie .
woody harrelson says he got into a clash with a photographer because he mistook him for a zombie .
" we 're looking into this allegation and if it 's warranted , we 'll turn it over to the proper authorities , " said port authority of new york and new jersey spokesman ron marsico .
the photographer , who was not identified , captured the encounter on a small camera after his larger one was broken .
harrelson , who is being sued by another tmz photographer for an alleged assault in 2006 , did not deny his involvement .
" i wrapped a movie called ' zombieland , ' in which i was constantly under assault by zombies , then flew to new york , still very much in character , " harrelson said in a statement issued friday by his publicist .
" with my daughter at the airport i was startled by a paparazzo , who i quite understandably mistook for a zombie , " he said .
tmz.com posted two videos of the incident , including one recorded by the larger camera before it was damaged .
the first video shows the photographer following harrelson and his daughter down an escalator and out of the terminal .
it ends with harrelson apparently reaching for the lens .
washington ( cnn ) potential republican presidential hopeful ben carson is apologizing after being accused of plagiarism -- even as the author of one of the books carson is accused of lifting material from is rushing to his defense .
" i attempted to appropriately cite and acknowledge all sources in america the beautiful , but inadvertently missed some .
i apologize , and i am working with my editors to rectify the situation , " carson said in a statement his representative , armstrong williams , provided to cnn .
among those sources is socialismsucks.net , a site whose founder acknowledged to buzzfeed that carson had taken some of his comments .
other sources included " the five thousand year leap " by w. cleon skousen , a liberty institute press release , cbs news and author william federer 's book " america 's god and country . "
carson , a neurosurgeon who 's said he 'll make a decision on a 2016 bid by this spring , is the latest gop presidential contender to be hit with plagiarism charges .
faced similar accusations about his own book in 2013 .
the plagiarism charges have " blindsided " carson , a source close to the neurosurgeon reportedly told the national review online .
" alongside the author , we too take these matters very seriously .
we have been in contact with the author and agent and will work with them to review the given information .
( cnn ) -- prosecutors say gary schultz , a former penn state vice president who oversaw campus police , held a file that detailed alleged incidents pertinent to the investigation of former football coach jerry sandusky , who faces more than 50 counts involving sexual acts with 10 boys since 1994 .
the file , which prosecutors say was initially withheld during the investigation , shows inconsistencies with what schultz and curley told a grand jury , according to court documents filed by prosecutors and obtained by cnn on tuesday .
prosecutors say e-mails from schultz , curley and others further contradict that testimony .
read the document ( pdf ) tom farrell , schultz 's attorney , said , " to be clear , mr. schultz did not possess any secret files .
the only ' secret ' information revealed was the privileged grand jury information inaccurately described by unidentified law enforcement sources to the media . "
curley , 57 , is on leave , and schultz , 62 , retired after the allegations .
curley was not immediately available for comment .
last fall , habibov hired akhror saidakhmetov , 19 , to work at kiosks in savannah , georgia ; philadelphia and chesapeake , virginia .
abdurasul juraboev , 24 , a uzbekistan native and legal permanent u.s. resident , worked at the gyro king restaurant in brooklyn .
he asked his boss whether he could leave this weekend because he was traveling .
until their arrests wednesday in connection with an alleged failed attempt to join isis in syria , saidakhmetov and juraboev appeared to live the mundane lives of ordinary brooklyn immigrants .
they also appeared careless in planning their alleged plot .
one man , for instance , showed up at u.s. homeland security offices to apply for a travel document , authorities said .
they sometimes communicated online because they believed it would be harder for authorities to trace .
juraboev allegedly discussed assassinating president barack obama , according to the complaint .
but he told an fbi agent that he " currently does not have the means or an imminent plan to do so . "
juraboev and saidakhmetov , authorities said , planned to embark on the journey to turkey on wednesday .
read the criminal complaint against trio one of them discussed the possibility of hijacking a commercial flight to turkey and diverting it " to the islamic state , so that the islamic state would gain a plane , " the complaint said .
they also talked about joining the u.s. military in order to attack soldiers .
( cnn ) -- susie wolff put the disappointments of silverstone behind her on friday with an impressive run in the first free practice session ahead of sunday 's german grand prix .
the williams development driver only managed four laps during practice at the british grand prix a fortnight ago before engine problems curtailed her involvement .
but it was a happier story at hockenheim as the 31-year-old scot completed 20 laps finishing a highly respectable 15th .
her best lap time of one minute 20.769 seconds was just 0.227 seconds behind williams ' driver felipe massa who finished the session in 11th place .
things had not looked so promising for wolff earlier in the day as she crawled round her out lap in first gear before returning to the pits .
thankfully , it was n't long before the mechanical problems were resolved and she was back on track -- even briefly clocking the fastest lap of the session .
" she 's very , very talented , " said the mercedes driver , who raced against her in his junior career in karting and formula renault .
" it 's really cool to see her in a formula one car .
" i did n't race against many girls .
susie was one of the very few , if not the only one , i raced against .
we shared a podium together a couple of times . "
( cnn ) a female juror in the murder trial of former new england patriots star aaron hernandez was dismissed tuesday by bristol county superior court judge susan garsh for talking about the case .
the juror had said it would be difficult to convict the ex-player without a murder weapon and discussed inadmissible evidence , garsh noted .
the judge dismissed the juror after ordering the public out of the massachusetts courtroom for a hearing that included defense lawyers , prosecutors , witnesses and the juror .
the closed-door session was " no broader than necessary to protect hernandez 's right to a fair trial , " garsh said .
after the hearing , garsh also said there was " credible evidence " that the dismissed juror had expressed interest in being part of the hernandez jury and had attended more patriots games than the juror admitted on a questionnaire .
" the juror 's recollection of conversations is not supported by the credible evidence , " the judge said .
the juror 's presence on the jury " posed a substantial risk " to the fairness of the trial , she added , and the dismissal was necessary in " the best interest of justice . "
hernandez , 25 , pleaded not guilty in the 2013 killing of former semipro football player odin lloyd , 27 , who dated the sister of hernandez 's fiancee .
two alleged accomplices , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , have pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately .
the trial resumed tuesday afternoon , with shaneah jenkins , 23 , who was dating lloyd at the time of his death , returning to the witness stand .
her sister , shayanna , is hernandez 's fiancee and mother of his child .
new jersey gov. chris christie vetoed a bill friday that would have banned crates that severely limit the mobility of pregnant pigs , a move that will win favor with iowa farmers and spark more speculation about christie 's presidential aspirations but cause outrage among animal rights activists who pushed for the ban .
despite its strong bipartisan support in the state legislature , the republican governor vetoed a version of the bill in 2013 .
when a nearly identical version passed again in the democratic-led legislature , christie faced mounting pressure this fall from activists and celebrities , including bill maher , danny devito , martha stewart and edie falco .
jon stewart gave the issue wider attention when he featured it in a segment on comedy central 's " the daily show " this month .
and matthew scully , a former speechwriter and adviser to president george w. bush , wrote a lengthy essay for national review online , spelling out a case for banning the crates .
in a statement , christie said the bill is a " solution in search of a problem " and a " political movement masquerading as substantive policy . "
arguing that it 's not a practice in new jersey , christie said it should be left to the state 's board of agriculture , which currently does n't outlaw the crates .
read the full veto statement ( pdf ) the move , announced by his office the day after thanksgiving , places 2016 squarely in the spotlight .
with more than 20 million pigs , iowa is the nation 's largest pork producer , and the state 's governor , terry branstad , told the associated press that he urged christie to veto the bill when a similar version came to the new jersey governor 's desk last year .
( cnn ) -- malaysia 's opposition leader has urged his supporters to wear black at a rally to be held in the capital kuala lumpur on wednesday to protest sunday 's vote , which he claims " was marred with unprecedented election fraud . "
a fight for clean and fair election remains the single most important fight that any malaysian should relate to , " anwar ibrahim said in a statement released monday .
a government spokesperson said on tuesday that allegations of fraud in the election process were " unsubstantiated " and the government 's victory was in line with independent polling .
" anwar claimed the only way he could possibly lose was if there was ' massive fraud ' , " the spokesperson said in a statement .
the weeks leading up to sunday 's election saw reports of firebombs , texted death threats and beatings and there were widespread reports that indelible ink used to mark the fingers of advance voters was washing off .
( cnn ) -- world-record signing cristiano ronaldo scored on his debut as real madrid kicked off the spanish football season with a shaky 3-2 victory at home to deportivo la coruna on saturday night .
cristiano ronaldo celebrates after paying off a small chunk of his record transfer fee with a goal on his real debut .
coach manuel pellegrini fielded seven new signings against a team who stunned real 2-1 on the opening day last season to foreshadow a season of massive upheaval for the underachieving capital club .
the first goal took just 26 minutes in coming as $ 92 million signing kaka fed the ball to $ 50 million capture karim benzema , whose shot rebounded off the post and fell welcomingly to real captain raul to score .
ronaldo , who cost $ 130 million when he left manchester united , then rose highest to meet a free-kick from $ 50 million midfielder xavi alonso but headed over the bar .
deportivo stunned the home crowd in the 30th minute when former real striker riki was allowed a free header to equalize in the type of defensive lapse that typified madrid 's performances last season .
( cnn ) -- former english premier league referees have jumped to the defense of howard webb after criticism of his performance in sunday 's world cup final .
webb , the first referee to officiate the european champions league final and world cup final in the same season , dished out 13 yellow cards and one red as spain defeated the netherlands 1-0 in a tempestuous clash at soccer city , johannesburg .
dutch coach bert van marwijk and several of his players suggested the english official favored the spanish , and netherlands fans booed webb and his assistants when they collected their medals after the game .
but ex-referee jeff winter , who took charge of several fiery encounters between english giants like manchester united , arsenal and liverpool , was full of praise for webb 's performance in extremely testing circumstances .
" i thought he had a superb game , " winter told cnn .
" i find it very difficult to remember a more testing game than that at any level .
i thought the players ' behavior and discipline were abysmal .
" it was as if the dutch had decided the only way they were going to stop spain was by kicking them , harassing the referee and being obnoxious throughout .
" from a referee 's point of view , if the players do n't want to be controlled it 's virtually impossible to control them .
football 's heroes and villains of 2010 but united 's lead did n't last long as james morrison fired a spectacular 25-yard equalizer , volleying past tomasz kuszczak into the top left corner after 14 minutes .
and west brom should have gone ahead in the 62nd minute when referee chris foy awarded them a penalty when rio ferdinand brought down jerome thomas .
but peter odemwingie could only drag his spot kick wide of the kuszczak 's right post .
it was a miss that the baggies were quickly made to pay for as javier hernandez ( who came on for dimitar berbatov after 60 minutes ) headed home unopposed from a wayne rooney corner with quarter of an hour remaining .
manchester city kept up the pressure on united with a 1-0 win over blackpool at eastlands .
adam johnson 's deflected shot found the net after 34 minutes .
city were the dominant side throughout but carlos tevez squandered a series of chances to put the game to bed , including a missed penalty in the first half .
the win puts city level on points with united on 41 points , but united have two games in hand over roberto mancini 's men .
arsenal enjoyed a comfortable 3-0 win over birmingham at st andrews to maintain their title challenge .
oxford , england ( cnn ) -- singer-songwriter annie lennox proudly wears an " hiv positive " black t-shirt , proclaiming her solidarity with the disease 's victims , even though her status is hiv negative .
" this is my way of campaigning visually . "
at the ted global conference last month in oxford , england , lennox made clear in a talk and an interview with cnn.com that she is seriously committed to combating the spread of the disease .
she was inspired by nelson mandela 's statement of support in 2003 for the effort to fight the virus by the 46664 foundation , named after mandela 's number in prison .
south africa was losing 1,000 people a day to aids , many of them women and children .
mandela compared the death toll to genocide .
in her talk at the conference attended by about 700 people , she told the story of a seven-year-old girl in south africa suffering from the disease and weighing about what a one-year-old child weighs .
after the girl was treated and put on a special diet by doctors , she recovered , looking like a child her age .
" the hair on my arms is standing , " lennox , said as she showed before and after photos of the girl .
" is n't it extraordinary ? "
an ambassador for u.n. aids , she said the organization is committed to ending mother-to-child transmission of hiv by 2015 .
ted is a nonprofit organization that hosts conferences and makes talks available on its site , http://www.ted.com/ .
once he gets his license in june , would he text and drive ?
that 's what i asked during a kitchen table conversation in their roxbury , new jersey , home .
as you can see in the video above , his answer was not the one his mom expected .
" i 'm taking a deep breath , " said dunn , who recently purchased visor clips for daniel 's friends who have already gotten their licenses that say " stay alive .
do n't text and drive . "
" i would n't even mind if he said , ' i 'm at a red light and i picked up the phone for a minute to read something and put it back down , ' but that moving and texting freaks me out .
it 's not acceptable . "
daniel 's mom might have wanted to slam her head against the counter but still she told me she appreciated her son 's candor and realized in that moment how difficult it is to persuade teens , who text nearly all day long , not to do it while behind the wheel .
" even a well-meaning teen is going to have trouble saying no when they get that buzz " from an incoming text or status update , said david teater , senior director for the national safety council .
" it 's almost a pavlovian response . "
ten years ago , a 20-year-old woman who had been talking on a cell phone ran a red light and killed his then 12-year-old son , joe .
since then , he 's dedicated his life to raising awareness about the dangers of talking on a cell phone while behind the wheel .
a newer concern : how to eliminate driving while texting .
( cnn ) a michigan man is accused of threatening to behead the police officer who put eric garner in a chokehold .
alvaro eduardo guzman-telles , 29 , said in a facebook post in december he was " going to personally kill and behead daniel pantaleo " and that " this is a written threat and has to be taken extremely seriously , " the fbi alleges in a federal indictment .
he was arrested last month and faces a charge of interstate transmission of threatening communications , according to the indictment .
pantaleo , a new york city police officer , put garner in a chokehold while trying to arrest him last july on suspicion of illegally selling cigarettes .
garner died after the encounter , but a grand jury declined in december to indict pantaleo , sparking large demonstrations across the nation .
guzman-telles also allegedly said on facebook to " kill all cops on sight .
the new york office of the fbi tracked the social media posts back to an address in sterling heights , michigan , where guzman-telles ' mother was questioned .
she said she was aware of the postings and told her son to delete them for she feared the posts would get him in trouble , the fbi said .
( cnn ) -- the boyfriend of a missing arizona woman is being held without bond on fraud and other charges while police seek additional information into his girlfriend 's disappearance , chandler police said tuesday .
jamie laiaddee went missing from the home she shares with her boyfriend in the early morning hours of march 18 , police said .
his real name is rick wayne valentini and he is 41 , favazzo said .
stewart was apprehended by police at a scottsdale apartment after investigators learned he had an outstanding traffic-related arrest warrant .
when he was found , he was " in possession of a vehicle owned by jamie , " according to police .
( cnn ) -- oklahoma state university women 's basketball coach kurt budke and assistant coach miranda serna were killed when their plane crashed on the way to a recruiting trip in arkansas , university officials said friday .
former oklahoma state sen. olin branstetter and his wife , paula , also died in the crash thursday , university spokesman gary schutt said .
" it 's a terribly sad day , " he said .
the crash occurred in perry county , arkansas , leaving no survivors .
no additional information about the crash was immediately available .
budke and serna were on a recruiting trip to little rock , arkansas , the university said .
" for any coaching community to lose bright stars like kurt and miranda is tragic , " ncaa president mark emmert said in a statement .
" this is a profound loss for the oklahoma state women 's basketball family , the entire university and future women 's basketball players as well . "
university officials credited budke for turning the school 's women 's basketball program around , culminating with a top-10 national ranking and an appearance in the second round of the ncaa tournament last season .
he was in his seventh season with the school .
" kurt was an exemplary leader and a man of character who had a profound impact on his student-athletes , " oklahoma state president burns hargis said .
boston ( cnn ) -- trying to show a softer , lighter side of accused killer and crime boss james " whitey " bulger , his defense lawyers have released photos that they say they would expect to show the jury should bulger decide to testify .
in response to a cnn question , his lawyers acknowledged , " yes , " they have prepared bulger , 83 , to take the stand as they would any other witness .
" every criminal defendant has until the last witness is presented on the defense to make a decision as to whether he or she will testify , " said the lead counsel , j. w. carney .
bulger , his lawyers say , is calling the shots and will make the decision friday after the defense reads testimony from one victim 's mother and then calls its last two witnesses , an fbi secretary and admitted former hitman john martorano .
if bulger does not testify , closing arguments will likely happen monday .
bulger offers $ 822,000 to relatives of two murder victims the 20 photos , released late wednesday , show bulger smiling and relaxed .
described as an animal lover , he 's seen separately with dogs , a goat and a parrot .
in one photo he is seen posing in front of the stanley cup .
in others , he appears smiling with girlfriend catherine grieg , who went into hiding with bulger in 1995 and who was arrested with him 16 years later in 2011 living under an alias in santa monica , california .
one of the men featured in a photo with bulger was identified as a defrocked , formerly high-ranking official of the boston archdiocese , frederick j. ryan , according to the lawyer for two former catholic memorial school students who brought sexual molestation claims against the archdiocese in 2002 .
( cnn ) -- members of the international community have reacted to the re-election of mahmoud ahmadinejad as president of iran and the oppostion protests which have accompanied the result .
mahmoud ahmadinejad pictured at a rally held in tehran sunday to celebrate his re-election as iranian president .
we obviously hope that the outcome reflects the genuine will and desire of the iranian people . "
white house spokesman robert gibbs said saturday the administration was " impressed by the vigorous debate and enthusiasm that this election generated , particularly among young iranians . "
u.s. vice president joe biden , commenting on nbc 's " meet the press " sunday , said : " i have doubts , but withhold comment . "
he added that the iranian government had suppressed crowds and limited free speech , which raised questions .
he also said that the strong showing by ahmadinejad was " unlikely , " based on pre-election analysis .
gallery : emotions run high after election » israel 's deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs avigdor liberman said in a statement that " the problem which iran poses for the international community is not personal in nature , but derives from its policy .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- a judge appointed tj jackson , the 34-year-old son of tito jackson , as temporary guardian of michael jackson 's three children in the absence of their grandmother , katherine jackson .
" we have reason to believe that mrs. jackson has been held against her will , " katherine jackson attorney sandra ribera told los angeles county superior court judge mitchell beckloff at a hearing wednesday .
sanders , who later spoke to his client as she was being driven home , said he will file a petition to restore her as custodian as soon as he meets with her .
he also ordered " that the children not be removed from california without a court order , by any person . "
the judge also ordered that diana ross , whom michael jackson named as backup guardian in his will , and debbie rowe , the biological mother of the two oldest children , be given notice of the order .
the order will be reconsidered at a hearing next month , and the judge left open the possibility that custody could be returned sooner if katherine jackson returns home .
as the first candidate to quit the charade of " exploring " a presidential run and actually jumping in , the texas republican senator presented an image monday of decisiveness and vision -- all before an auditorium of mostly supportive young evangelicals .
he does n't have many friends in the party establishment thanks to his hard-line tactics on issues like obamacare .
and he 's facing steep competition for the conservative vote from the likes of wisconsin gov. scott walker .
the firebrand 's decision to jump-start the 2016 election season now is an implicit admission of the daunting challenges he will face in a crowded gop field where multiple republicans will vie for the same social and evangelical support base .
" ted is clearly a player , " said tony perkins , president of the family research council , a christian public policy ministry .
" but the competition this cycle is very steep . "
" from the dawn of this country , at every stage , america has enjoyed god 's providential blessing , " said cruz , roaming the stage with a microphone like a megachurch preacher on a sunday morning .
" over and over again , when we faced impossible odds , the american people rose to the challenge .
you know , compared to that , repealing obamacare and abolishing the irs ai n't all that tough . "
( cnn ) -- if oprah winfrey were a close friend and you had a secret to tell , she 'd be an obvious choice to go to for some relief .
she 's relatable , but still inspiring ; candid without being crass ; and about as vulnerable as a billionaire media titan can be .
" one of oprah 's major products is redemption , " kathryn lofton , a professor of religious and american studies at yale university , told the globe and mail .
" she sold the experience of confession -- of hearing somebody 's darkest story , and offering to them the possibility of relief from its articulation . "
as a result , winfrey has inspired her fair share of televised confessions , from everyday guests to high-profile names .
if you need to come clean and find a new path , winfrey 's the one to show you how to do it .
disgraced cyclist lance armstrong is the latest celebrity to sit down with winfrey for a " no-holds-barred " two-part chat set to begin airing on her network thursday night .
in the pre-taped " oprah 's next chapter " interview , armstrong is expected to admit to using performance-enhancing substances during his heralded career -- a sharp about-face after he steadfastly denied doping allegations .
stripped of his seven tour de france titles and banned from the sport , armstrong is not only facing a mountainous public relations hurdle , but also possible legal ramifications .
marietta , georgia ( cnn ) -- whether the prosecution will seek the death penalty in justin ross harris hot-car death case will be decided in two to three weeks , cobb county district attorney vic reynolds said thursday .
reynolds ' statement came hours after the georgia father was indicted by a grand jury on eight counts , including malice murder and two counts of felony murder .
" we 're pleased with the pace and thoroughness of this investigation , which continues on today , " reynolds said .
" the evidence in this case has led us to this point today .
the next step will be to put harris ' case on superior court judge mary staley 's arraignment calendar , which should happen within three weeks , the prosecutor said .
motions will then be filed before the case goes to a trial calendar .
reynolds declined to take questions or comment further , saying , " this case will be tried in a court of law , " and not in the media .
if reynolds seeks the death penalty , it will be for the malice murder charge , which alleges that harris , who has claimed his son 's death was an accident , premeditated the child 's killing .
" it was always an accident .
when the time comes , and we 've worked through the state 's maze of theories at trial , it 's still going to be a terrible , gut-wrenching accident .
and all the eccentricities and moral failings of ross ' life is n't going to change that , " he told reporters .
( cnn ) -- argentina 's star-studded team went top of south america 's 2014 world cup qualifying group as lionel messi inspired a 4-0 thrashing of ecuador on saturday .
with his top europe-based players to call on , coach alejandro sabella saw his side effectively end the match with three goals after only half an hour .
sergio aguero , top scorer for english champions manchester city last season , broke the deadlock in the 20th minute as he celebrated his 24th birthday in style .
strike partner gonzalo higuain , who helped real madrid to the spanish title , doubled the lead nine minutes later .
barcelona 's three-time world player of the year messi made it 3-0 two minutes later to continue his unbelievable scoring form , having netted 73 times for the spanish club in the recently-completed 2011-12 campaign .
real madrid winger angel di maria wrapped up the scoring with 15 minutes to play as argentina moved up to 10 points from five games , just ahead of chile .
messi was key to the victory , which came ahead of next saturday 's friendly against brazil in the united states .
he combined with di maria to set up aguero 's opener and then linking with higuain for his own goal before also setting up the final effort .
chile moved onto nine points from five matches with a 2-0 win over bottom team bolivia , who had luis gutierrez sent off in the second half .
midfielder charles aranguiz scored against the run of play just before halftime in la paz , then gutierrez saw red for a foul on barcelona 's alexis sanchez before juventus midfielder arturo vidal wrapped it up with seven minutes to play .
( cnn ) -- california 's parole board tuesday refused to release onetime manson family acolyte leslie van houten , finding the 60-year-old remains dangerous more than four decades after the group 's southern california murder spree .
the board found that van houten " still poses a risk to society , " spokesman luis patino said .
the decision marks the 19th time that she has been denied parole , and she wo n't be eligible again until 2013 , patino said .
los angeles deputy district attorney patrick sequeira praised the decision .
" the crime itself was absolutely horrendous -- the brutal slaughter of two individuals in their home , in a cruel and very horrifying manner , " said sequeira .
" it is our position that she never really has fully accepted responsibility for her crimes . "
she was 19 at the time .
she has been imprisoned at the california institution for women at frontera for more than three decades , following her final conviction on first-degree murder charges in 1978 and a sentence of life in prison .
prison spokesman lt. robert patterson told cnn in 2009 that van houten is a model inmate involved in prison programs and a mentor to other inmates in the facility 's college program .
and lawyer brandie devall , who has been representing van houten for just under a year , said tuesday before the hearing that the " fact that leslie has had good reports since 1978 " should help persuade the parole board to release her .
( cnn ) -- the explosive found hidden in a package on a plane in the united arab emirates on friday may have traveled on passenger planes to get there , airline officials said sunday .
the explosive , along with a similar device found in the united kingdom , appear to have been designed to detonate on their own , without someone having to set them off , the top white house counterterrorism official told cnn .
" it is my understanding that these devices did not need somebody to detonate them , " said john brennan , president barack obama 's assistant for homeland security and counterterrorism .
u.s. investigators believe al qaeda bomb maker ibrahim hassan al-asiri , 28 , is linked to that package and another one found on a second airplane in britain 's east midlands airport on friday , a federal official , who was briefed by authorities , told cnn sunday .
both packages were addressed to synagogues in chicago , illinois .
al-asiri , who is thought to be in yemen , is a saudi who was high on saudi arabia 's list of most wanted published in february 2009 .
he is also believed to be the bomber who designed last year 's failed christmas day underwear bomb .
she was earlier identified as hanan al-samawi , a fifth-year student at sanaa university in the yemeni capital , said abdul-rahman barman , a human rights attorney and activist who said he was asked to represent her .
a high-level source in the united arab emirates said hanan al-samawi 's name was found on the cargo manifest of the device found in dubai .
in the intraparty battle for the gop , score round 1 for the republican establishment over the tea party .
cnn projects that north carolina house speaker thom tillis has won the state 's gop senate primary .
tillis , who was backed by many mainstream republicans , topped 40 % of the primary vote tuesday , avoiding a runoff in july .
tillis beat a bunch of more conservative candidates for the chance to face off this november against first-term democratic sen. kay hagan , who is considered very vulnerable in the general election .
flipping her seat and five others held by democrats would give republicans control of the senate .
in his victory speech , tillis slammed hagan 's record , tying her to senate majority leader harry reid and calling them " an echo chamber for president obama 's worst ideas . "
" we need to be clear , it 's not the end of a primary , it 's really the beginning of a primary mission , which has been the mission all along and that is to beat kay hagan and to make harry reid irrelevant , " he said .
rand paul stumbles and four other takeaways from election night " you know , their failures , both obama 's and kay hagan 's , are obvious , " tillis added .
" we know a lot of them -- our government is borrowing too much money and it 's dangerously in debt to china .
obamacare is not working .
trailing tillis is tea party activist greg brannon .
mary l. tabor and del persinger washington , d.c. married 26 years mary was still in her nightgown and robe , sipping a cappuccino in the kitchen of the washington , d.c. , brownstone she shared with her husband , del , when he walked in and announced he wanted to live alone .
they had been married for 21 years .
" i did n't know what had hit me , " mary , 64 , recalls of that fall morning in 2005 .
" i wondered , does he have a girlfriend ?
a boyfriend ?
i had no idea what was wrong . "
although the couple 's relationship had been strained for a few months , mary simply assumed they were going through a rough patch .
she attributed del 's loss of interest in sex and his suddenly quick temper to stress from his high-pressure job as a financial analyst .
still , she figured that things would soon return to normal .
increasingly restless within his marriage , he wondered whether it was holding him back from leading a more exciting life .
" i knew the problem was n't mary -- it was me , " he says .
when the tearful broadcaster broke the news to north koreans that their leader , kim jong il , had died , the audience in the hall gasped .
then the hysterics began , along with the bawling and sobbing .
a wailing woman pounded her fist against her chest to signify heartache .
some appeared to go into physical convulsions .
" our leader endured all the hardships , " one mourner told state-run korean central news agency in a televised interview .
" i ca n't believe it .
our leader , he 's still with us . "
even the reporter holding kcna 's microphone bowed his head and trembled .
in north korean media videos viewed by cnn , people wept in fitful , theatrical proportions .
whether the mass grieving was genuine is up to debate .
for instance , in south korea , it 's acceptable to express sorrow vocally , said sung-yoon lee , a research fellow at the national asia research program .
but north korea presents a unique case .
" it 's such a regimented , uniform society , people are conditioned from their early years to praise and adore their leader , " he said .
" i think there would be great deal of sincerity , because they 're so programmed and conditioned and have an incentive to outperform their families , neighbors in grieving properly , " he said .
" north koreans are raised to praise their leader , as are christians for god .
for them to learn the death of a near god-like leader , it certainly has an emotional reaction . "
george zimmerman , the neighborhood watch volunteer accused of wrongly killing trayvon martin , will not immediately have to turn over donations made to his website , a florida judge said friday .
zimmerman collected about $ 204,000 in donations through the website , but did not disclose the contributions during his bond hearing last week , according to his attorney , mark o'mara .
assistant state attorney bernie de la rionda on friday asked lester to increase the bond in light of the donations .
but the judge said he would delay ruling on the request , in part because he does not know if he has authority to say how the money can be used .
zimmerman , 28 , was released monday on $ 150,000 bail , 10 % of which was put up to secure his release while he awaits trial on a second-degree murder charge in martin 's february 26 death .
about $ 5,000 from the website contribution was used in making bond , o'mara said .
the rest came from a loan secured by a family home .
although zimmerman spent some of the contributions on living expenses , about $ 150,000 remains , o'mara said friday .
o'mara said he has put the money into a trust he controls until a final decision is made about its use .
( cnn ) -- the deal struck at the weekend between iran and world powers over its nuclear program is not just a triumph of western diplomacy , but a step forward in the budding rapprochement between iran and the u.s. that had been long in the making .
every u.s. administration from reagan to obama has tried to reach out to iran .
unfortunately , these efforts all failed because the circumstances for rapprochement were not quite right -- unlike today , where iran 's new president , hassan rouhani , has been determined to outflank his ideological opponents in tehran and reach a deal with the west .
the obama administration seems equally determined -- despite opposition from saudi arabia and israel , as well as an obstructive congress -- to welcome the iranians back into the international community , so long as they agree to play by the rules .
this is obama 's " opening to china " moment and he must seize it .
ever since iranian students stormed the u.s. embassy in tehran on november 4 , 1979 and initiated the 444-day iran-hostage crisis , the united states and iran have been regional arch-nemeses .
even so , in the thirty years since this traumatic event , there have been periodic efforts to improve relations .
the first episode occurred in 1985 when israeli officials helped facilitate a back-channel approach to so-called iranian " moderates " , represented by akbar hashemi rafsanjani .
this mission failed spectacularly .
details were leaked to the press , leading to the iran-contra scandal , which nearly brought the reagan administration down .
( cnn ) -- the lawyer for the neighborhood watch leader who fatally shot unarmed 17-year-old trayvon martin in sanford , florida , said thursday that his client has received about $ 200,000 from supporters .
orlando lawyer mark o'mara told cnn 's " ac360 " that george zimmerman told him wednesday of the donations as they were trying to shut down his internet presence to avoid concerns about possible impersonators and problems with his twitter and facebook accounts .
" he asked me what to do with his paypal accounts and i asked him what he was talking about , " o'mara told anderson cooper .
and there was about 200 , $ 204,000 that had come in to date . "
o'mara had said earlier this month that he believed zimmerman had no money .
" i think he 's indigent for costs , " he said , adding that zimmerman 's relatives had few assets .
zimmerman , 28 , was released monday on $ 150,000 bail , 10 % of which his family put up to secure his release .
he is accused of second-degree murder in the february 26 death of martin , who was african-american .
critics have accused him of racially profiling martin and unjustly killing him .
he has said he shot in self-defense .
asked whether knowledge of the money might have made a difference to judge kenneth lester jr. , who presided at zimmerman 's bond hearing , o'mara said , " it might have . "
o'mara continued , " i 'm certainly going to disclose it to the court tomorrow -- coincidentally , we have a hearing . "
he said he was prepared to " deal with any fallout , " but predicted lester would not feel misled .
" i told him what i knew at the time , which was exactly what i was aware of . "
tokyo , japan ( cnn ) -- an american father jailed in tokyo has been harshly treated , his attorney said monday , while japanese authorities said he is getting " special " treatment .
christopher savoie is in jail in japan after trying to get back his son , isaac , and daughter , rebecca .
attorney jeremy morley , in a statement released monday , said christopher savoie -- accused of trying to kidnap his children after his ex-wife took them to japan -- is being held without trial , interrogated without an attorney present and denied needed medical treatment for high blood pressure .
savoie has also been exposed to sleep deprivation , and denied private meetings with attorneys and phone calls to his wife , according to morley , who said the way his client has been treated amounts to " torture . "
a yanagawa police officer , who declined to give his name citing departmental policy , told cnn that savoie , like any other detainee , has a " dim " light in his cell for safety , and is assured to get 8 hours of sleep a day .
savoie is being questioned -- with an interpreter -- within the boundaries of japanese law , which allows for suspects to be interviewed without the presence of an attorney , the officer said .
the law also permits several rounds of questioning for hours on end , the officer said .
( cnn ) -- phil donahue has rarely shied away from controversy .
on his long-running syndicated talk show , he debated issues including abortion and the death penalty , and his msnbc show was canceled in 2003 , he maintained , because of his antiwar stand .
now the former talk show host has co-directed and co-produced an independent film , " body of war , " about a disabled iraq war veteran , tomas young , who questions the conflict 's rationale .
young joined the military after the september 11 attacks and was sent to iraq .
after less than a week there , he was shot in the spine , paralyzing him from the waist down .
" body of war " is the story of his coming home and adjusting to his new reality .
the film has earned excellent reviews and was named best documentary of 2007 by the national board of review .
it airs on the sundance channel on tuesday night .
watch donahue talk about politics and war » donahue talked about " body of war " and the recent presidential election on " american morning " with cnn 's carol costello .
cnn : what did you hope to prove by [ making " body of war " ] ?
phil donahue : well , this work by ... ellen spiro and phil donahue is our attempt to show the harm in harm 's way .
in the middle of the most sanitized war of my lifetime , nobody sees this pain .
these people are all below the radar .
what you see in our film is a drama taking place behind the closed doors of thousands of homes in this country .
i 'm telling you , less than 5 percent of us have sacrificed , and the american people are not seeing this .
" he 's been offered a new contract , yes , " ferguson , 69 , told the old trafford team 's official web site .
" i 'm sure he 'll sign it .
he 's a tremendous professional .
i 'm sure he 'll accept a new offer and tie himself to the club for the next two years . "
park , who is in the u.s. on united 's preseason tour , scored in the red devils ' first two matches against new england revolution and seattle sounders respectively .
since arriving in manchester , park has picked up four premier league titles and helped united become champions of europe in 2008 .
he won 100 international caps for his country and became the first asian player to score at three successive world cups with a goal against greece in june 2010 .
park , who began his career with japanese club kyoto purple sanga , announced his retirement from international football on january 31 .
( cnn ) -- utility companies will return sunday to restore power in parts of rayne , louisiana , after a tornado pummelled the region , killing at least one person .
a louisiana mother who died sheltering her child during the tornado was identified early sunday as jalisa granger , a sheriff 's office official said .
granger was killed when a tree fell on her house in the storm .
eleven people were injured , she said .
" there 's a lot of damage out there , " trahan said .
" most residents were evacuated , leaving for other relatives ' homes .
about 20 ( who were ) evacuated did n't have somewhere to go , but were taken to the local fire department . "
utility companies will be returning to the area sunday morning to help restore power , she said .
the storm that killed granger was one of at least two twisters tied to a weather system that has caused major damage in the state and wreaked havoc on mardi gras festivities .
packing winds between 111 and 135 mph , the tornado was 300 yards wide and produced damage over a 5-mile stretch , according to the weather service .
the northwest section of rayne was especially hard hit , with video from cnn affiliate katc showing several buildings leveled , lots reduced to rubble and large trees knocked down .
( cnn ) -- fernando torres rediscovered his scoring touch as spain soared to the top of euro 2012 group c and knocked the republic of ireland out of the tournament .
the much-maligned striker , who spurned several chances in spain 's opening game against italy , scored twice as the defending champions cruised to a 4-0 win in gdansk .
strikes from david silva and cesc fabregas helped to see off giovanni trapattoni 's ireland , who become the first team eliminated from euro 2012 .
the italians dominated the first half and evergreen playmaker andrea pirlo put his side in front with an exquisite free-kick .
spain 4-0 ireland fernando torres bagged a much-needed double as spain thrashed the republic of ireland and cemented their status as euro 2012 favorites .
after being frustrated by italy in their opening game , vicente del bosque 's world champions looked close to their best in a display that dazzled the irish .
giovanni trapattoni 's side struggled to create a meaningful chance in the whole match and they limp out of the tournament following two defeats .
spain outclassed their opponents from the first whistle and led after four minutes when torres skipped away from richard dunne 's challenge and blasted high into the net .
goalkeeper shay given kept his side in it until halftime , making several saves as the spanish controlled possession and created chances at will .
( cnn ) -- the suspect in the killing of yale pharmacology graduate student annie le appeared in court in new haven , connecticut , tuesday , but did not enter a plea , his attorney told cnn .
raymond j. clark iii appears in court tuesday in new haven , connecticut , where he is charged with murder .
raymond clark iii , 24 , a lab technician at yale , is charged with murder in le 's death .
tuesday 's scheduled hearing was continued until october 20 .
it is standard procedure for defendants in murder cases not to enter a plea until a later stage in the case , public defender beth merkin told cnn .
clark eventually will plead not guilty , she said .
clark , of branford , connecticut , is being held in lieu of $ 3 million bail .
the body of le , 24 , was found inside a wall of a yale lab building on september 12 -- the day she was to be married .
he lived with his girlfriend , who also is a yale lab technician , according to new haven police .
follow a timeline of the case » a yale faculty member described clark 's job as maintaining colonies for animals used in research .
the lab is in the basement of the building where le 's body was found .
a motive in le 's killing was unclear , but police said they were treating the case as workplace violence .
yale has announced a memorial service for le on october 12 .
the university is also establishing a scholarship in her memory .
a recent treasury department report of misconduct by a banking regulator is giving watchdogs some ammunition to argue that financial regulators are too cozy with the banks they are tasked with overseeing .
the report , part of a small batch just released by the department 's inspector-general , says that a government employee in florida who served as a bank examiner accepted " gratuities ( golf fees and/or food ) on at least four occasions " from a bank he was reviewing .
the report , conducted in 2010 , called the situation a " conflict of interest " for the employee , who worked at the office of the comptroller of the currency .
" it was a pretty striking example of a government employee actually cozying up to the folks he 's supposed to be regulating . "
but inspector-general eric thorson , who polices the treasury department and released the files , defended the agency .
" these investigative reports are good examples of the fact that the department has been successful in demonstrating that there is little toleration for individual misconduct . "
but smallberg is still critical .
" when folks wonder why regulators did n't do a better job of stopping the financial crisis , or they 're wondering why occ did n't spot the huge trading loss at jp morgan earlier this year , i think part of the issue is just that the examiners were just too close to the folks they were supposed to be examining , " he said .
( cnn ) -- spanish champions barcelona will kick off 2011 without the services of world player of the year lionel messi and key defenders carles puyol and gerard pique .
coach pep guardiola has given top scorer messi permission to miss sunday 's home clash with levante as his side seek to move five points clear of second-placed rivals real madrid in the la liga standings .
the club 's website reported on friday that the argentina forward had been allowed to extend his holiday , so will be missing from the line-up for only the fourth time this season .
captain puyol is ruled out with a groin injury that he picked up playing for catalonia in the representative game against honduras earlier this month , and may also miss next weekend 's trip to deportivo la coruna .
spanish league strike called off his central defensive partner pique is suspended after picking up his fifth yellow card this season in barca 's final league game of 2010 , the 5-1 thrashing of city rivals espanyol on december 18 .
milito had been sidelined since injuring his thigh in the spanish cup win over ceuta on november 10 , while the 22-year-old jeffren suffered a groin problem in the champions league match win over rubin kazan on december 7 .
football 's best and worst of 2010 meanwhile , jose mourinho 's real madrid will return to action on monday with a trip to seventh-placed getafe .
( cnn ) -- when chuck and elicia james ventured to their local animal shelter to adopt a dog , they expected to meet a new member of their family .
instead they found themselves reunited with their long lost canine .
the james ' had not seen reckless , a brown and white terrier-pitbull mix , since he went missing over a year and a half ago during superstorm sandy .
they had lost their beloved pup after the fence in their keansburg , new jersey , home was mangled during the storm , chuck james told cnn on friday .
while the family never stopped looking for reckless , for their 10-year-old daughter 's birthday they decided it was time to move on and adopt a new dog at the monmouth county spca .
to their surprise , the first dog they were introduced to was one named lucas , who had a striking resemblance to their former pup .
" he immediately recognized us .
the james ' confirmed it was their dog based on an uncanny scar on the top of his head .
rosenthal told cnn that 3-year-old reckless ended up at the shelter last november after an employee found him on the streets .
rosenthal believes reckless was taken in by another family for a period of time before he once again got loose .
microchipping is a process in which an animal is implanted with a rice-sized chip that is used to identify him or her .
( cnn ) -- serena williams will return to competitive tennis after nearly a year on the sidelines in the wta tournament at eastbourne , which starts saturday .
the former world number one has endured a torrid time since being sidelined with a foot injury after winning her fourth wimbledon crown last july .
several aborted attempts at a comeback were followed by a major health scare in february as she suffered a blood clot on her lung .
it led to speculation that her glittering career could be over , but williams has recovered to take her place as a wild card in the grass court event at the south coast of england resort .
" i am so excited to be healthy enough to compete again , " she told the tournament 's official website .
i 'm thankful to my family , friends , and fans for all of their support .
serena will be joined in the traditional pre-wimbledon warm-up tournament by her older sister venus , who is also returning to action after an extended injury layoff .
venus has been sidelined since injuring her hip at the australian open in january .
they will take their place in a top-class line-up which has 13 of the top 20 players in the wta world rankings , including new french open champion li na of china .
13-time grand slam champion serena returned to practice in april , but decided against returning for the second grand slam season of the season in paris .
a suicide bomber targeted a funeral in northwest pakistan on sunday , killing at least 14 people and wounding 37 others , officials said .
the blast took place just outside peshawar , the capital of the khyber pakhtunkhwa province , said city police official kalam khan .
while no one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack , authorities believe the target may have been members of the awami national party .
khushdil khan , a party member who is the deputy speaker of the provincial assembly , had gone to the funeral for a local woman .
but he left before the suicide bomber walked up to mourners and blew himself up as they were leaving , police said the awami national party , which is part of the governing coalition led by prime minister yousaf raza gilani 's pakistan peoples party , is often targeted by the taliban .
in february , an explosion outside a political rally in northwest pakistan killed five people and wounded 10 , officials said .
the tehrik-e-taliban , or pakistani taliban , claimed responsibility for the blast .
" we will also target upcoming rallies of the awami national party , as it is a secular party .
in november , party member hanif jadoon and his bodyguard were killed in a suicide attack .
jadoon had just finished morning prayers on the islamic holiday of eid al-adha when a bomber approached his car and detonated his explosives .
the attack took place in the swabi district of the province , about 80 kilometers ( 50 miles ) west of islamabad .
( cnn ) -- in this dark and dismal year for college sports , when each scandal seems worse than the next , inspiration arrives in a motorized wheelchair .
in a month when penn state is dealing with child sex abuse charges against former assistant coach jerry sandusky , the fallout bringing down longtime head coach joe paterno and the university president , a reason to still believe in what 's good about college football will never play another down again .
his name is eric legrand , and you 'll find him saturday on the field at rutgers stadium in new jersey .
he will be honored at the team 's annual senior day before a game against cincinnati , and the expected crowd of more than 50,000 will no doubt save the loudest cheers for him .
on october 16 , 2010 , he collided with army kick returner malcolm brown while making a tackle .
the collision left him paralyzed from the neck down , and when he awoke in the hospital , he was connected to a respirator that doctors said he would need for the rest of his life .
" i could barely turn my head , " legrand said .
it felt like i was going to die .
that 's what it felt like . "
but now , 13 months later , he can move his head and shoulders when he talks , his long braids moving as he does .
he has attacked therapy the way he once went after weight-lifting records in the gym , and believes it is only a matter of time before he is walking back on the field at rutgers .
( cnn ) -- " we 're here !
alina , you look so chic !
turn around ! "
he 's patrick pope , a los angeles-based web producer who moonlights as p'trique , the star of the viral videos , " s ** t fashion girls say . "
since they debuted in february , the videos have had a combined 3 million views .
p'trique has come to new york fashion week , at cnn 's invitation , to spend the day with me at the tents .
in the nearly nine years i 've been covering fashion for cnn , i have never seen anything like this .
once we 're inside , it instantly becomes clear that p'trique has a fan club in the land of the double kiss : fern mallis , carlos souza , ken downing -- big names in fashion , bowing to the man in the pink vintage dress .
" you look so chic , " says fe fendi .
derek blasberg , editor-at-large at harper 's bazaar , even had a cameo in " s ** t fashion girls say at new york fashion week . "
he says , " what i love about him is that he 's the full package .
he looks ridiculous .
he says ridiculous things .
the response has been ridiculous . "
but looking good takes time .
he answers , " most of the time about two hours ... and a team of about four . "
( cnn ) -- when debbie wasserman schultz visited her friend gabrielle giffords in the hospital last week , she talked to her about the demonstrations in egypt and the republicans ' proposed budget cuts -- not exactly topics you might expect during a hospital visit .
but wasserman schultz says she remembers what she wanted to talk about when she was hospitalized with breast cancer a few years ago .
" as much as ( giffords ' husband , mark kelly ) cares about her , he does n't know all the fun stories about what 's going on in washington , " she said .
in the nearly six weeks since the arizona democrat was shot , wasserman schultz , a florida democrat , has made three trips to visit her friend : two to tucson and one to houston , where giffords is in a rehabilitation hospital .
she 's planning another trip there in a few weeks .
she fits the travel into her busy schedule because she remembers how important such visits were to her when she was recovering from her seven breast cancer surgeries , including a double mastectomy , breast reconstruction and removal of her ovaries .
she 's isolated in her own body while she 's recovering , " she said .
it 's a small arena with capacity for only 1,200 people , not counting standing-room-only tickets .
as the members of the team are introduced , fans jump up to cheer them on , clapping and chanting , full of team spirit .
" i 've been yelling my heart out ! "
says a fan who arrived early for the game .
the team is " the miners " and on a recent night it was playing at home in cananea , a town of 33,000 in northwestern mexico , known for its large deposits of copper and other metals .
one of the largest mining companies in mexico operates in the town about 35 miles south of the arizona border .
davin white , 29 , is an american immigrant in cananea and a star forward for the miners .
white attended california state university in northridge and has also played in serbia , italy and qatar .
but cananea is much closer to his native phoenix .
" the town is very small , but the people are very energetic when it comes to basketball , " says white .
he does n't speak spanish , but that does n't seem to be a problem on the court .
teammate brandon brown , another immigrant athlete , says he has learned a few words .
" i do n't think you want to hear what i 've learned in spanish , " brown says with a smile .
the 25-year-old from new orleans , who attended the university of california at san bernardino , says he has fallen in love with mexican food , especially carne asada , or mexican-style grilled steak .
barack obama can talk , and coming after bush it was something to behold .
in my humble opinion , if he loses the next election to the other bunch then , good lord , i will run myself . "
so says noel gallagher , former creative force of british band oasis and one of rock 'n' roll 's biggest mouths .
singer-songwriter , brother to liam and now a u.s. presidential candidate : 2012 promises to be quite a year for the 45-year-old whose song-writing talent has taken him from unemployment in a city called manchester in northern england to sell-out stadium tours around the world , playing to millions .
by september , gallagher will have completed the tour of his first solo album since the demise of oasis in 2009 ; an expedition entailing 81 shows across europe , the pacific ( japan and australia ) and america as well as being a voyage into the unknown for the forthright backing-singer-now-frontman .
it was initially intended as a small affair , but such has been the demand for the new record -- " noel gallagher 's high flying birds " topped the charts in the uk in october 2011 -- theaters have rapidly been upgraded to arenas to cope with demand .
a move that surprised the man himself and maybe explains the overriding mood of calm satisfaction the guitarist exudes from beneath a leather jacket as he sits down with a coffee to talk to cnn .
he was 87 .
jacque heebner , williams ' personal assistant who said she had known the musician for 77 years , said she was with him inside his home when he died .
he had recently released an album and was under contract for three more , she said .
" there was never a man with a more tender , gentle heart , " heebner said .
" he was a charming man , even at the age of 87 . "
born louis weertz in omaha , nebraska , the pianist attended drake university and the juilliard school in new york city .
his break came in 1955 with his recording of " autumn leaves , " going on to have hits on the billboard charts for four decades , according to his official website .
his records include " born free " and themes from the movies " doctor zhivago " and " somewhere in time . "
williams ' success helped land him a star on the hollywood walk of fame , a 2011 induction into the hit parade hall of fame and many other honors .
( cnn ) -- anita davenport 's curiosity about her family 's past began with the photographs that surrounded her .
she said she wanted to know the stories behind the images of her parents and uncles .
the stories she found -- and shared during several phone conversations from her home in culver city , california -- parallel the african-american journey during the past century .
the search took her to 1894 , when her grandfather , walter , was born in stone mountain , georgia .
during world war i , davenport was stationed at fort custer in battle creek , michigan , anita said .
thousands of other african-americans were also on the move , mainly to the northeast and the midwest , eager for opportunities related to the war and industrialization , according to howard dodson , a historian and the director of the schomburg center for research in black culture .
walter davenport later returned to alabama , married and had nine children , one of whom was anita 's father , frank .
walter was fond of battle creek and regaled his family with stories , anita said .
the stories must have been convincing .
the eldest of his nine children , also named walter , moved north to battle creek in 1951 .
frank davenport , anita 's father , later joined his older brother in michigan .
anita was born in battle creek .
between 1940 and 1970 , more than 5 million african-americans left the south , migrating to cities like boston , massachusetts ; philadelphia , pennsylvania ; chicago , illinois ; detroit , michigan , and new york .
( cnn ) -- as world cup openers go , this was about as bad as it gets for portugal .
thumped 4-0 by germany , one key defender sent off , another possibly out of the tournament with injury and its world player of the year looking decidedly unfit .
real madrid star cristiano ronaldo was n't lacking in effort but was as powerless as those around him to prevent portugal being steamrollered by der mannschaft in salvador .
it started badly for paulo bento 's men and got steadily worse as germany maintained its record of scoring at least four goals in every opening world cup match since 2002 .
it was 2-0 when mats hummels thumped a header into the net from toni kroos ' corner .
pepe then stood over his opponent and pushed his head towards muller 's , the referee producing a straight red card .
muller then struck just before the interval to put the game well beyond portugal , pouncing on a loose ball inside the area to fire past rui patricio .
portugal made a change at the break , as ricardo costa replaced miguel veloso , but it made little difference as germany continued to press home their advantage .
mesut ozil , who plays for arsenal , should have found the net when played through on goal but he hit his shot straight at patricio .
within hours of becoming a national hero , a viral video star and the top topic on twitter , charles ramsey talked about having trouble getting sleep .
it was n't because of all the excitement that followed his knocking down a cleveland neighbor 's door , freeing three women and a girl who police say were held hostage for years .
instead , ramsey told cnn 's anderson cooper on tuesday , it was about knowing he had lived for a year near the captive women on the city 's west side .
" up until yesterday the only thing that kept me from losing sleep was the lack of money , " the restaurant dishwasher said on " anderson cooper 360 . "
" i could have done this last year , not this hero stuff , " said ramsey .
" just do the right thing . "
he ran from his living room , clutching a half-eaten mcdonald 's big mac , to the house and helped free a woman identified as amanda berry .
" amanda said , ' i 've been trapped in here .
he wo n't let me out .
it 's me and my baby . "
who are the three women freed in cleveland ?
ramsey and a man named angel cordero broke down the door , cnn affiliate wews reported in an earlier interview heard around the world .
ramsey told cnn he had never seen berry before monday , and at first , he could not place the name .
" berry did n't register with me until i was on the phone , like wait a minute , i thought this girl was dead . "
( cnn ) -- for leo klink , the night was the payoff , the pinnacle , what you work most of your life for .
it was the hawaii state high school soccer championship , and klink , a senior on the underdog kalani falcons , had state power punahou in his sights .
it was halftime , tied 1-1 , thanks to klink 's chip shot over the punahou keeper .
" we were having a blast , " paul klink said later .
" it was halftime .
we 'd just seen leo make a goal .
it was the happiest moment of our life . "
she was the one who introduced leo , kalani 's star and last year 's espn high school player of the year in hawaii , to the sport when he was just 7 .
she was the one who spent hour after hour with leo , working on his game when he needed to catch up with the other boys .
" i was n't that good at soccer , " leo said , explaining that his playing time was limited to three-minute spurts so the better players could catch a quick rest .
so mom was there with support and encouragement .
" she helped me practice by myself at the park , " leo , 17 , said .
about 10 minutes into the second half , the game stopped and an ambulance was rushed onto the field .
leo and his teammates waited out the 10 - to 15-minute delay before the ambulance rushed off .
fort myers , florida ( cnn ) -- three men were charged saturday with felony first-degree murder in the shooting death of nfl player sean taylor , a death police say was unplanned .
eric rivera jr. , 17 ; venjah k. hunte , 20 ; and charles kendrick lee wardlow , 18 , each faces charges of felony first-degree murder , burglary with a firearm and home invasion robbery while armed , according to court documents .
a fourth suspect , jason scott mitchell , 19 , was processed too late to appear in court , officials said .
he is to be in court sunday , and he faces the same charges as the other three .
taylor , 24 , a safety for the washington redskins , died tuesday , a day after he was shot during an apparent burglary at his miami home .
the four suspects could be moved to miami -- where the charges are based -- as soon as sunday for a first-appearance hearing , said john evans , wardlow 's lawyer .
police have more than one confession in the case , according to robert parker , director of the miami-dade police department .
rivera 's attorney , wilbur smith , said saturday he " had been led to believe " that his client confessed , but was n't sure after speaking to rivera .
asked about news reports alleging rivera was the shooter , smith said that he was aware of the stories , but that he had " not talked enough to eric to find that out . "
a nurse under mandatory quarantine in new jersey after caring for ebola patients in sierra leone has blasted stringent new state policies for dealing with health care workers returning from west africa , saying the change could lead to medical professionals being treated like " criminals and prisoners . "
in a first-person account in the dallas morning news , kaci hickox wrote that she was ordered placed in quarantine at a hospital , where she has now tested negative in two tests for ebola .
still , hospital officials told her she must remain under quarantine for 21 days .
" this is not a situation i would wish on anyone , and i am scared for those who will follow me , " she wrote .
dr. seema yasmin , a friend of hickox who has been in contact with her during her quarantine , told cnn 's elizabeth cohen that hickox is feeling physically fine and showing no symptoms .
that contradicts what new jersey gov. chris christie said in a press conference saturday , when he said hickox was " obviously ill . "
yasmin has been texting with hickox and told cnn the nurse is " very sad " and " exhuasted . "
yasmin also told cnn she is worried about the conditions hickox is being held in -- the nurse told yasmin she is in an unheated room and was given only paper scrubs to wear .
doctors without borders said in a written statement that it is " very concerned about the conditions , " saying hickox is in an unheated tent adjacent to the hospital .
the group 's statement also said it is working to get information from hospital officials .
montgomery , alabama ( cnn ) -- from the time he first emerged as a civil rights leader , the rev. martin luther king jr. lived with the threat of death , but he never wavered in his commitment to non-violence .
dr. martin luther king jr. believed the cause they were fighting for was worth dying for .
a month after blacks began a bus boycott , a midnight caller warned king that he would be sorry he ever came to montgomery .
three days later , his house was bombed .
angry blacks gathered outside king 's home , but gray said , " once he found out his family was safe and secure , he simply went out , talked to the crowd , and told them to go home , and they went . "
king knew what could happen when he led demonstrations in birmingham , alabama , in 1963 , facing fire hoses and police dogs in an effort to desegregate downtown businesses .
longtime aide andrew young said , " going to birmingham was to him the possibility of an imminent death . "
another aide , the rev. wyatt tee walker , said when he kissed his own wife and children goodbye to go there , " i thought i would never see them again .
i did n't think i would come out of birmingham alive .
i did n't think king would . "
( cnn ) -- five years .
one big , presumably bloody finale .
hundreds of possible ways it could end .
the internet is buzzing with potential clues , predictions and crazy theories as viewers debate the most fitting way to send teacher-turned-drug-lord walter white into the albuquerque sunset .
which characters will survive ?
will walt die , and how ?
who is the vial of ricin , and the machine gun in his trunk , meant for ?
what will become of wife skyler , son walt jr. , sister-in-law marie and -- most pressing of all -- jesse , his tormented ex-partner in crime ?
cryptic comments by vince gilligan , the show 's creator , have only stoked the speculation .
" i am guardedly optimistic that we have achieved just that .
and furthermore , trying to be as coy as possible , trying to give away as little as possible , i feel like this ending represents on some level , however small , something of a victory for walter white .
" read into that what you will .
and try to be as open-minded as possible when you watch this episode , because it may not indeed feel like a victory .
only gilligan , his actors and crew know for sure how the show will end its run .
but that has n't stopped the rest of us from trying to guess .
( cnn ) -- with snoop dogg bowing out of his feud with iggy azalea , it seems eminem is more than willing to take his place .
" unless you 're nicki/grab you by the wrist let 's ski/so what 's it gon be/put that s ** t away iggy/you do n't wan na blow that rape whistle on me , " eminem raps .
that kind of lyricism is n't surprising from eminem , whose rhymes have been called homophobic in addition to misogynistic and violent .
to iggy azalea , that approach is not only offensive , but uninspired .
" i 'm bored of the old men threatening young women as entertainment trend and much more interested in the young women getting $ trend , " the australian artist tweeted on thursday .
" it 's especially awkward because my 14 year old brother is the biggest eminem fan and now the artist he admired says he wants to rape me .
nice ! "
iggy is right that she 's come up against a wave of criticism as her star power continues to rise .
last month , she went toe-to-toe with snoop dogg when the california rapper posted a series of mean-spirited photos and comments about the " fancy " rapper , including calling her a " f **** ng c ** t. "
cynthia robinson claimed that smoking killed her husband , michael johnson , in 1996 .
she argued r.j. reynolds was negligent in not informing him that nicotine is addictive and smoking can cause lung cancer .
johnson started smoking when he was 13 and died of lung cancer when he was 36 .
the jury award friday evening is " courageous , " said robinson 's lawyer , christopher chestnut .
" if anyone saw the documents that this jury saw , i believe that person would have awarded a similar or greater verdict amount , " he said .
the verdict included more than $ 16 million in compensatory damages , the newspaper said .
nine ex-smokers on their last cigarette chestnut said five of the six jurors who heard the case were 45 or younger , which meant he had to show them how the tobacco industry presented its product before the public awareness campaigns on tobacco risks and dangers in the 1990s .
in a statement , j. jeffery raborn , vice president and assistant general counsel for r. j. reynolds , said , " the damages awarded in this case are grossly excessive and impermissible under state and constitutional law .
" this verdict goes far beyond the realm of reasonableness and fairness and is completely inconsistent with the evidence presented , " said raborn .
" we plan to file post-trial motions with the trial court promptly and are confident that the court will follow the law and not allow this runaway verdict to stand . "
( cnn ) buddy elias spent much of his life preserving the memory of his cousin anne frank .
his death monday brought back memories for me .
we met three years ago in an atlanta hotel conference room .
he and his wife , gerti , were touring the united states to promote a new book .
i could tell instantly that he was related to anne .
his face resembled hers so much that it felt almost as though i was meeting her in person .
" anne frank 's family " had just been published , based on 14 boxes of letters , postcards , photos and documents that gerti accidentally discovered in the attic of their house in basel .
the 6,000 recovered documents told a story of a family torn apart by war and anti-semitism .
he told me he was lucky that his family had remained in neutral switzerland when world war ii broke out .
he died peacefully at his home in basel , switzerland , at 90 , said an announcement posted on the website of anne frank fonds , the foundation that elias headed .
like millions of people who read " the diary of anne frank , " i was deeply influenced by her words and in awe of her family 's courage .
i was only in seventh grade when my father bought me the book in 1975 .
( cnn ) after five months of detention in north korea , jeffrey fowle arrived home in ohio early wednesday for an emotional reunion with his family .
stepping off the plane at wright-patterson air force base and onto the tarmac , he was embraced by family members , including his three children .
" it 's a good sign that the north koreans released this man unconditionally , " former u.s. ambassador to the united nations bill richardson told cnn 's " new day . "
" they usually demand a price . "
richardson has helped negotiate the release of prisoners in the past , including from north korea .
pyongyang 's move is " a signal to the u.s. that says , ' all right , let 's start talking , ' " and perhaps restart nuclear negotiations , he said .
' fig leaf ' statement a north korean government official told cnn that fowle was released after leader kim jong un issued a " special dispensation . "
" comrade kim jong un , the first chairman of the national defence commission , in deference to agreement between the supreme leaders of the dprk and the us , granted a special dispensation for the american jeffrey edward fowle , who was being indicted , to be released after his case had been dismissed , " an emailed statement read .
kim needed to free fowle " to try to thaw relations a little bit , and he needs to pin it on the united states , " said carney , who is now a cnn commentator .
the two boys suffered from marasmus , a type of acute malnutrition that can very quickly lead to death if not treated , the opposition syrian observatory for human rights said .
ibrahim khalil was 4 ; ammar arafa was even younger , but his exact age was n't known , opposition activist ahmed al-muadami said from the town , moadamiyet al-sham , in the damascus suburbs .
moadamiyet al-sham was one of the areas affected by the alleged chemical weapons attack august 21 .
it was the first town united nations inspectors visited this week to gather evidence about the attack and speak to the wounded .
al-muadami said the town has been under siege by syrian troops since last november and that the situation there is " disastrous . "
" we ran out of food supplies and we can not get anything into the town , " he said .
doctors lacked the medicine and necessary nutrients to treat the children because of the siege , the syrian observatory said .
" we went through our food supplies , local produce and cattle . "
he said government checkpoints and snipers are blocking all the roads leading into the town and are not allowing anything in or out .
the syrian government typically calls rebels " armed terrorists . "
" the red crescent tried to send an aid shipment into the town in early july but the government forces denied them access , and that was the last aid shipment we heard about , " al-muadami said .
michael dunn killed jordan davis .
that 's not in dispute , but according to attorneys ' opening statements thursday in dunn 's murder trial , almost everything else is .
it was a markedly different account from that of defense attorney cory strolla , who told jurors that the music was so loud , it was rattling the windows of the teens ' suv , and when dunn politely asked one of them to turn it down , jordan uttered the three-word explicit phrase , demanded his pal turn the music back up and began jawing with dunn .
jordan then produced a weapon -- either a gun or a lead pipe , strolla alleged -- and told dunn , " i 'm going to f *** ing kill you , " the attorney said .
he added , " you 're dead , bitch .
this is going down now , " the attorney alleged .
while guy said jordan and dunn " exchanged f-bombs back and forth , " strolla said his client never uttered a curse word .
and while guy cited witnesses who said an incensed dunn began shooting after telling jordan , " you 're not going to talk to me like that , " strolla insisted that jordan was getting out of the car , armed , with the intention of hurting or killing dunn .
a dispute between a muslim gold shop owner and two buddhist sellers erupted in clashes that left 10 people dead , 20 injured and four mosques burned to the ground in central myanmar , local officials said thursday .
the clashes began wednesday morning in meiktila township after a quarrel between the shop owner and the sellers , police said .
the sellers were beaten up by four other muslim shop owners , police said .
in retaliation , muslims and buddhists took to the street , torching houses and schools , said police lt. col. aung min .
to defuse tensions , police imposed a curfew wednesday night .
tension , police presence the death toll from the violence has risen to 10 , said win htein , a member of parliament for the area .
he described the situation as still tense despite the increased police presence .
win htein , a member of opposition leader aung san suu kyi 's national league of democracy , linked the unrest to feelings stirred up by clashes between buddhists and muslims in western myanmar last year .
when police took two muslim shop owners to court thursday , a group of several hundred buddhists tried to attack them and threw rocks , he said .
( cnn ) -- jorge lorenzo climbed from fourth on the grid to win the french motogp at a rain-soaked le mans on sunday and take the lead in the championship .
riding his yamaha flawlessly in the wet conditions , lorenzo took the lead on the first lap and eventually finished 9.905 seconds clear of valentino rossi , who had the consolation of his best finish so far for ducati .
rossi held off a determined casey stoner , who finished third in the week he announced he was quitting the sport at the end of the season .
" it was really difficult to hold concentration today , in the dry it 's complicated but in the wet it 's even more , " lorenzo said .
if you forget one you can crash very easily . "
lorenzo , who won for the second time this season , leads the championship by eight points from stoner .
" i was pretty happy to hold on for a podium today , " stoner said .
" i enjoyed the battle with valentino at the end , there was clean overtaking and we swapped positions a few times but in the end we knew that valentino had better pace than us and after he passed there was no way i could stay with him .
" we did everything we could today and to come away with a podium is a good result . "
( cnn ) -- manchester city have completed a sensational transfer deadline-day swoop for brazilian forward robinho in an estimated £ 32.5 million ( $ 58 million ) deal with real madrid , following the english premier league club 's takeover by an abu dhabi group on monday .
but city -- with new financial clout provided by their middle east-based owners -- met the valuation placed on robinho by the spanish giants , breaking the british transfer record .
robinho told city 's web site : " i knew that manchester city is a very big club , there 's a great team there already and this is an exciting project .
" i liked the project , and when city made the offer to real madrid , i decided to come here .
i liked the plans that manchester city have and i want to succeed with them . "
robinho confirmed the presence of his international team-mates jo and elano at city was a factor in his decision to sign , even though chelsea appeared a more likely destination at the start of transfer deadline day .
hughes , who had a playing spell in spain with barcelona , has spoken to his new signing and robinho is keen to work with the former blackburn and wales manager .
guess what ?
it happened .
siemerink claimed the next eight points and mcenroe did as he promised in a later match at the season 's final major .
no commentators were believed to have said something similar when stan wawrinka trailed guillermo garcia-lopez 5-0 and 6-2 in a fourth-set tiebreak monday at the australian open -- and lucky for them .
just like siemerink , wawrinka did the almost unthinkable and pulled off a great escape .
" losing 5-0 was a bad start to the tiebreak , " wawrinka , upset by garcia-lopez at the 2014 french open , told reporters .
i knew if i was going to come back ( to ) 6-5 , ( he ) was going to get nervous .
just focused point after point . "
wawrinka is flying the swiss flag after roger federer 's surprising loss to andreas seppi in the third round and the world no. 4 will have to maintain , or increase , his level if he is to continue his winning streak at melbourne park .
wawrinka 's quarterfinal opponent , kei nishikori , beat the 29-year-old in the last eight in september en route to making the final at the u.s. open .
( cnn ) -- it 's become a nightly ritual .
when dusk descends , so do they -- by the hundreds , in cities coast to coast .
and the protests over police brutality after recent deaths of unarmed black men might only intensify .
organizers are calling this week a " week of outrage , " culminating in large demonstrations planned for saturday in new york and washington .
eric garner jr. , the son of the man who died after a new york police officer held him in a chokehold , said he was proud of how protesters are carrying on .
" it made me feel proud because i do n't have to share this moment by myself and my family , " the son told cnn 's " erin burnett outfront . "
" it 's amazing how everybody ( is ) doing this .
my father and i appreciate it . "
but already this week , peaceful protests across the country have been marred by bouts of violence and crowds that disrupted thousands by shutting down freeways .
" there 's a lot of racial profiling going on within the system , " he said as protesters chanted behind him .
it 's been encouraging to see the ranks of protesters grow in recent days , he said .
what 's next ?
" we gain numbers , " ali said , " and we take the streets , like we always do . "
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- george harrison 's closest friends and family gathered in hollywood on tuesday to dedicate the late beatle 's star on the walk of fame .
from left , musicians tom petty , jeff lynne and paul mccartney join harrison 's relatives for dedication of his star .
" there 's someone here from every important stage of george 's life and career , " harrison 's widow , olivia , said .
harrison , who was 58 when he died of cancer in 2001 , becomes the second beatle with a hollywood star .
john lennon was the first .
the new star is next to the iconic hollywood headquarters of capitol records , the distributor of much of harrison 's music for the past five decades .
tuesday 's ceremony coincided with the capitol/emi announcement that it will release harrison 's first solo greatest hits collection -- " let it roll : songs by george harrison " -- on june 16 .
actor tom hanks said the world changed for him in january 1964 when he heard his first beatles song .
superstar musicians paul mccartney , tom petty , joe walsh and jeff lynne attended the star 's dedication , but they did not address the crowd .
scores of harrison fans showed up for the event , with some traveling from as far as liverpool , england .
" we all have deep feelings for george , because he was such a deep-feeling person , " olivia harrison said .
connie ley made an unusual request in her will before she died last month in aurora , indiana : she asked that her german shepherd , bela , be euthanized and buried with her .
three weeks later , however , bela , who is 9 years old and male , is healthy and very much alive .
and there 's a growing movement on social media to defy his late owner 's wishes and spare the animal .
but if transporting the dog across the country proved too expensive , ley wanted a close friend to take charge of bela and carry out her request that " the dog be put to sleep , cremated and that the dog 's ashes be placed with her own ashes . "
as it turned out , sending bela to the utah animal sanctuary was not financially feasible , denmure told wxix-tv , another cnn affiliate .
but following a public outcry , a decision about the dog 's fate has been put on hold for now , he said .
bela was with ley when she died at home november 25 .
the dog is now being housed in a special kennel at paws of dearborn county humane center in lawrenceburg , indiana .
director becky foster said the center has no legal control over the dog 's future and is waiting to hear from ley 's attorney .
" we 're happy to have him here as long as need be .
he has toys and blankies and he 's just chilling . "
( cnn ) -- a survivor of a massacre in mexico that left 72 dead is advising other would-be migrants to stay at home to avoid a fate like the one his companions met .
the victims in the killings , which happened in northern mexico , were migrants from central and south america who were on their journey north .
in an interview with ecuadorean state television , the survivor , identified as luis freddy lala , spoke about the harrowing ordeal .
although his name has been released , his face was blurred on camera .
lala said his journey began in ecuador , and from there he traveled to honduras and then to guatemala .
during that leg of the trip , " everything was fine , " he said .
from guatemala he crossed into mexico and made it with a large group of migrants to the northeastern mexican state of tamaulipas .
three cars surrounded the vehicle he was riding in , and a group of heavily armed men stepped out , forcing him into another car .
then , at one point , the hostages were all thrown on the ground , face-down .
" i heard them shooting at my friends , " he said .
" they shot me and they killed everyone else . "
from the broadcast portions of the interview , it was not clear what the motive for the massacre might have been .
" when they left i waited two minutes , got up and left the house , " he said .
he walked all night and into the morning until he found a military checkpoint where he asked for help .
( cnn ) -- authorities have captured one of colombia 's last great crime bosses , president juan manuel santos said tuesday night .
accused drug lord daniel " el loco " barrera was captured in san cristobal , venezuela , santos said .
barrera is accused of alliances with paramilitaries and the revolutionary armed forces of colombia guerrilla group in addition to drug trafficking crimes over a period of more than 20 years .
" he is the last of the great ( crime ) bosses .
the operation , directed from washington , came about with collaboration between british , colombian , u.s. and venezuelan officials , santos said .
" i want to thank the venezuelan government , president ( hugo ) chavez and his team , for this great collaboration that has produced this capture , " santos said .
the mi6 british intelligence agency and the cia also assisted , he said .
venezuela 's interior minister will discuss barrera 's capture and " the seizure of more than a ton of drugs " in a news conference wednesday morning , the nation 's information ministry said in a statement .
in october 2010 , colombian authorities said they found more than $ 29 million and 17 million euros in cash stashed in two homes that barrera owned .
earlier that year , the u.s. department of the treasury said barrera played a significant role in international drug trafficking and described him as one of colombia 's most wanted drug traffickers , noting in a statement that the colombian government had offered a $ 2.5-million reward for information leading to his capture .
billings , montana ( cnn ) -- fighting back tears , auliea hanlon sat on the witness stand in a montana courtroom , just feet away from the man who pleaded guilty to raping her 14-year-old daughter -- and initially received a sentence that required him to serve just 31 days in prison .
" here we are -- six , seven years later , still waiting for justice , " she said , according to video of the sentencing from cnn affiliate ktvq .
" he knew what he was doing .
he knew what was going to happen to her . "
" and he did n't care . "
stacey dean rambold was accused of raping cherice moralez , a freshman in his business class at billings senior high , in 2007 .
moralez committed suicide in 2010 , before the case went to trial and before she reached her 17th birthday .
the 55-year-old teacher pleaded guilty to sexual intercourse without consent ; last year judge g. todd baugh handed rambold a 15-year sentence with all but 31 days suspended .
on friday , judge randal spaulding resentenced rambold , this time to 15 years in prison , with five years of that suspended , according to a prosecutor in the case .
rambold was then handcuffed in court and taken to montana state prison .
after the initial ruling , baugh drew intense criticism for both the brief duration of his initial sentence and comments he made , which some said placed blame on the victim .
the british actor appeared on " jimmy kimmel live ! "
on wednesday to say in person what he 's already said to the anti-defamation league in a letter : he very much regrets the remarks he made to playboy about jewish people and hollywood .
" once i saw it in print , i could see that it was offensive , insensitive , pernicious and ill-informed . "
in the playboy interview , oldman gives his unfiltered opinion on political correctness and how it 's impacted controversial actors like alec baldwin and mel gibson , the latter of whom has used anti-semitic language in the past .
" mel gibson is in a town that 's run by jews and he said the wrong thing because he 's actually bitten the hand that i guess has fed him -- and does n't need to feed him anymore because he 's got enough dough , " oldman told the magazine .
" but some jewish guy in his office somewhere has n't turned and said , ' that f**king kraut ' or ' f**k those germans , ' whatever it is ?
we all hide and try to be so politically correct .
that 's what gets me .
gary oldman goes off on hypocrisy , political correctness within a day of playboy releasing its interview , oldman wrote the adl to tell it he was " deeply remorseful " for what he said .
and on " jimmy kimmel live , " oldman took the extra step to also apologize to his fans .
( cnn ) -- president barack obama told a labor day crowd in detroit that he 's prepared to fight for a new job growth plan , defend organized labor and take steps to " restore the middle class in america , " while five republican candidates hoping to defeat him next year all called for repealing the major legislation passed so far in obama 's presidency .
the republican presidential candidates participating in the palmetto freedom forum in columbia , south carolina , which was televised on cnn , were unified in advocating the end of the health care reform law and the wall street reform measure passed by a democratic-led congress .
they also all expressed strong anti-abortion views and their belief in marriage being between a man and a woman at the event set up by sen. jim demint , a leading tea party conservative .
meanwhile , in the early primary states of new hampshire and south carolina , other republican presidential contenders ripped obama 's handling of the economy and pledged to take an economically battered america in a new direction marked by less spending and fewer regulations .
in a speech that likely previewed his scheduled address thursday to a joint session of congress to present a jobs plan , obama directly challenged republicans , whom he has accused of obstructing progress in order to score political points .
" these are tough times for working americans , " obama told the union-dominated crowd at a rally that included a warm-up from aretha franklin .
" the time for washington games is over .
the time for action is now . "
( cnn ) -- opening the muslim-world leg of the " audacity of hope " world tour with the universal islamic greeting " assalamu alaikum " ( may peace be with you ) to thunderous applause , president obama began his long-awaited major address by going straight to many of our pressing geopolitical issues .
from beginning to end , president obama 's speech was a concert of enlightenment compared to president george w. bush 's famous farewell news conference in the muslim world ( which resulted in two iraqi size-10 shoes being boomeranged toward his head ) .
from the issues of violent muslim extremism to the growth of the neo-racism known worldwide as islamophobia ; from israel-palestine to his overall iraq and " af-pak " ( afghanistan-pakistan ) strategy , president obama successfully used his cairo speech to lay out his framework for several key foreign policy issues .
additionally , with major sections of his address covering women 's rights , democratic reforms and nuclear weapons , president obama devoted much of his 40-plus-minute speech to offering concrete and tangible policy initiatives that he plans to implement in the near future .
he talked about his plan " to invest $ 1.5 billion each year over the next five years to partner with pakistanis to build schools and hospitals , roads and businesses " to help the countless number of internally displaced persons caught in the fighting in pakistan .
similarly , for afghanistan , he outlined that we will be " providing more than $ 2.8 billion to help afghans develop their economy and deliver services that people depend upon . "
washington ( cnn ) -- a late evening meeting between president barack obama and the leaders of the house and senate failed to reach agreement wednesday on a spending plan to avert a government shutdown , but all the participants said progress was made and talks would continue .
if there is no deal by midnight friday , when the current spending authorization measure expires , parts of the government will close down .
obama called the 90-minute talks with house speaker john boehner , r-ohio , and senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , " constructive " and he said they narrowed and clarified the outstanding issues .
" but it 's going to require a sufficient sense of urgency from all parties involved " to prevent a shutdown that " could have real effects on everyday americans . "
both reid and boehner told reporters in their own brief comments that the meeting made progress in narrowing their differences , and that their staffs would work through the night to try to reach further consensus .
" i have confidence we can get this done , " said reid , who criticized boehner and republicans earlier in the day for intransigence .
boehner , standing next to reid , said " we do have some honest differences , " and he emphasized there was no agreement on either a specific figure for spending cuts for the rest of the current fiscal year or on policy issues that the republicans want included in the measure , such as specifically prohibiting funding for abortions .
he has found himself in some pretty privileged positions , capturing compelling images of football 's greats -- and poignant , intimate shots away from the on-field action .
but he is also a firm believer in creating your own luck : being prepared when the magic unfolds on the pitch .
" i think knowledge of the sport is particularly important , because certain players have different styles , " the briton tells cnn 's sports photo masterclass series .
" a midfielder is more creative ; he 's always going to be looking for that pass .
and you 've got players like ronaldo who will run a play -- he 'll challenge plays , he 'll make pictures .
so that 's where you get those big action shots .
" generally the good players that just want to win and score make better pictures . "
it 's been said that eyes are the windows to the soul .
botterill says he 's learned that focusing on players ' eyes helps photographers to anticipate their moves .
while covering the trophy ceremony at the 2006 world cup in germany -- a tournament he describes as one of his favorite events to have worked at -- botterill caught a glimmer in italy captain fabio cannavaro 's eyes as he stood with his team for the presentation .
" once cannavaro got the trophy , he did n't just grab it , " botterill recalls .
things seemed to slow down and i thought i knew what was going to happen next . "
ashton carter , the former second-in-command at the pentagon , appears to be the top choice to replace outgoing secretary chuck hagel .
barring any last minute complications , ash carter will be president barack obama 's choice as the new secretary of defense , several u.s. administration officials told cnn .
an administration official had said that homeland security secretary jeh johnson , a former general counsel at the pentagon , was also still on the list of possibilities , but on tuesday morning , sources said johnson was no longer being considered .
the prospect of an additional confirmation hearing for johnson 's replacement if he were to move to the pentagon as the senate switches to republican control would have been problematic for the white house .
related : was hagel doomed from the start ?
hagel announced his resignation last week , but has said he will stay on until his successor is confirmed by the senate .
carter 's ability to hit the ground running from his past experience at the pentagon , in addition to the respect many senior military leaders have for him are seen as major benefits to winning confirmation should obama nominate him .
" his career has sort of prepared him perfectly for this kind of a moment , " says michael o'hanlon , a defense industry analyst at the brookings institution .
( cnn ) -- did we almost lose bono ?
the rear hatch of the aircraft taking the u2 lead singer from dublin to berlin was missing when the aircraft landed at berlin schonefeld airport on wednesday .
besides bono ( whose real name is paul hewson ) , there were two pilots and four other passengers on board , according to germout freitag , an official with the german federal bureau of aircraft accident investigation .
u2 is scheduled to perform thursday at the bambi awards , germany 's version of the emmys .
other members of the band were traveling separately .
the ground crew discovered that the hatch was missing shortly after the aircraft landed at 12:26 a.m. , 11 minutes after it blew off , freitag said .
bono apologizes for free itunes album " the ground crew realized the door was gone and two suitcases had fallen out , " freitag said .
" officials have not yet located the two suitcases or the hatch door , but they have been able to pinpoint the area where they are likely to have landed by the radar . "
the bureau has started in an investigation into the incident 's cause .
" the investigation will take at least six to eight weeks and will be greatly hampered if the door is not located , " freitag said .
while officials " have no idea at the moment what caused this and need to examine both the door and the area of the plane , " freitag said he believes the rear hatch was not properly closed .
" this sort of thing is not common . "
bono did n't seem fazed by the midair scare .
a short time later , he met with walter lindner , germany 's special representative on ebola .
with an opening like this , big things are surely expected from seth gordon 's r-rated comedy which has already surpassed its $ 35 million production budget .
universal 's the change-up ( with ryan reynolds ) opened at $ 13.5 million in august 2011 and went on to gross only $ 37.1 million domestically , on a $ 52 million production budget .
jonathan levine 's warm bodies took second place for its second weekend with $ 11.5 million , bringing its domestic total to $ 36.7 million .
this breaks levine 's record , beating the lifetime domestic gross of his last feature , the cancer dramedy 50/50 with seth rogen and joseph gordon-levitt , which brought in $ 35 million .
we talked a little bit about stars rooney mara and channing tatum 's box office history yesterday .
another star of side effects is jude law , and he 's got a varied track record at the box office .
he generally participates in ensemble casts -- anna karenina , the sherlock holmes franchise , soderbergh 's contagion , the holiday -- making his singular box office appeal somewhat more elusive .
side effects has soderbergh 's name and another strong ensemble , and could go on to a respectable run , even though it wo n't reach contagion heights ( the epidemic thriller eventually grossed $ 76 million ) .
( cnn ) -- henrik stenson kept his cool to collect the biggest paycheck of his career sunday , landing a $ 10 million fedex cup jackpot along with the $ 1.44 million prize for winning the tour championship in atlanta .
the swede , who also collected $ 1.44 million for winning the deutsche bank championship earlier this month , finished three shots clear of young american hope jordan spieth and veteran steve stricker .
the 37-year-old went into the final day at east lake with a four-stroke advantage , having been nine ahead halfway through saturday 's round , but spieth ate into that as he fired a superb six-under-par 64 .
" it 's been a dream come true , " said spieth , who had nine top-10 finishes in his rookie year .
stricker , second behind stenson in boston and tied for fourth at last week 's bmw championship , made his charge with an eagle three at the 15th but he could only par from there as he also finished on 10 under .
it put the 46-year-old in third place in the fedex cup standings , while spieth was seventh .
stenson had given them hope when he dropped a shot at 14 , but allayed any fears of another blowout like saturday as he bounced back immediately with a birdie and finished with pars to complete a memorable wire-to-wire victory .
webb simpson shot the round of the day , a flawless seven-birdie 63 that lifted the 2012 u.s. open winner up to fourth on 271 -- two shots ahead of his successor justin rose ( 67 ) .
jose moran was arrested early wednesday morning after interfering with the duties of a public servant in the parking lot of a webster , texas , building that is being remodeled for the iglesias profetica peniel church , webster police said in a written statement .
moran 's son , omar , said his father had been trying to help .
he added that his father has heart problems .
moran approached an officer who was handling a traffic stop in the church 's parking lot on wednesday morning , police said .
moran identified himself as the church 's pastor and began yelling at the officer , police said .
the officer told moran to leave several times , but moran did not , police said .
the officer then tried to arrest him .
but moran pushed the officer and ran into the church building , police said .
moran 's son said after his father asked the officer if he could help , the officer began yelling .
the son said his father went back inside the church .
the officer followed him and kicked in the church door , he said .
the pastor came outside , and a second officer used his taser twice on the pastor , the younger moran said .
the son 's account differs from the police version of events .
police said moran emerged from the church building with dozens of other people who subsequently surrounded the officer .
( cnn ) -- the 2009 snooker world champion john higgins has said his " conscience is clear " following allegations of match fixing .
british newspaper the news of the world claimed the 34-year-old accepted a $ 398,000 bribe to throw frames in future matches during a meeting with undercover reporters in kiev , ukraine .
however , in a statement read out on the bbc , the scotsman denied ever intentionally losing a match or taking a bribe at any point in his career .
" my conscience is 100 percent clear , " said higgins .
" i have never been involved in any form of snooker match fixing ... i have never deliberately missed a shot , never mind intentionally lost a frame or a match . "
snooker 's governing body -- the world professional billiards and snooker association ( wpbsa ) -- announced through an official statement that higgins had been suspended from future tournaments pending an investigation .
the same statement confirmed his manager , pat mooney , resigned from his position on the board of the wpbsa after he was alleged to have been at the meeting with higgins in kiev .
the three-time world champion claimed clearing his name will be the biggest challenge of his career and he will assist snooker authorities with the forthcoming investigation .
" today is the start of the biggest match of my life .
i will co-operate fully with the snooker authorities .
( cnn ) for a group of radical anti-western militants , isis is pretty good at luring westerners to its ranks .
mohammed hamzah khan was stopped just before he was supposed to board a plane to turkey , authorities said .
but he 's far from alone .
last month , u.s. authorities detailed their case against a new york food store owner accused of funding isis and plotting to gun down american troops who had served in iraq .
and a french man told his mother that he and his half-brother were going on vacation -- only to tell her later that they were fighting in syria .
" some of the foreign fighters may not return as terrorists to their respective countries , but all of them will have been exposed to an environment of sustained radicalization and violence with unknowable but worrying consequences , " richard barrett of the soufan group wrote in a report called " foreign fighters in syria " this summer .
so what is it about isis and its uncanny ability to recruit westerners ?
here are five methods the group employs : it preys on a recruit 's sense of identity the recruits are often young -- sometimes disillusioned teenagers trying to find purpose and make their mark .
for many , it boils down to a lack of a sense of identity or belonging , barrett said .
" the general picture provided by foreign fighters of their lives in syria suggests camaraderie , good morale and purposeful activity , all mixed in with a sense of understated heroism , designed to attract their friends as well as to boost their own self-esteem , " he wrote .
new york ( cnn ) -- a member of pedro hernandez 's family walked into a camden , new jersey , police station in the 1980s and reported that hernandez told relatives and others that he had killed a boy in new york and threw the body near a dumpster -- but there 's no indication anything came out of that report , the family member told cnn .
" you feel like they did n't believe you .
i felt empty and a little bit mad , " the relative said .
" i was expecting something else . "
now , 33 years after etan patz disappeared , pedro hernandez stands accused of choking to death the 6-year-old youngster after luring him to the basement of a corner grocery store in new york city , and of throwing away his body inside a trash bag .
the family member , who cnn has agreed to not identify , said there was no receipt of paperwork to document the information provided -- nor was the relative ever contacted again about the report .
" police asked whether i was mad " at hernandez or had an ulterior motive , the source added .
tomas rivera , a leader of the prayer group , declined comment monday on hernandez or the prayer group , citing authorities who told him not to talk to the media .
pastor : wife of suspect in etan patz case ' absolutely shell-shocked ' at 19 , shortly after patz 's disappearance on may 25 , 1979 , hernandez left his job as a stock clerk and returned to his mother 's home in north camden , new jersey .
( cnn ) -- roger federer secured a record-equaling seventh wimbledon title to dash the hopes of andy murray and a partisan centre court crowd .
federer made it 17 grand slam titles to his name after a two-and-a-half-year drought and matched the haul of american pete sampras at the all england club .
for murray , the first briton to reach a men 's singles final at wimbledon in 74 years , it represented his fourth defeat in major finals , and his pain was acutely felt by a fervent crowd at wimbledon .
" it equals me with pete sampras , who is my hero , so it feels amazing .
it 's worked out so many times here that i play my best in semis and the final .
i could n't be more happy -- it feels being great being back here as the winner .
it 's a great moment . "
federer 's victory means he is only the second player in the men 's game to have held the top ranking over the age of 30 , alongside andre agassi .
the dutch man suspected in the 2005 disappearance of natalee holloway has sued the chilean government for more than $ 13 million , alleging his human rights were violated when chile extradited him last year to peru to face charges in the death of a peruvian woman .
" the lawsuit is against the chilean government , for having violated joran van der sloot 's basic human rights , " his peruvian lawyer aldo cotrina told in session .
the suit was filed september 4 with the inter-american commission on human rights in washington .
" maybe they wo n't accept my analysis in peru , because they feel this is the way things have always been done , " said cotrina , who is based in new york .
we ca n't say that because someone is accused of killing a person , you can violate all their rights . "
cotrina said van der sloot 's former attorney , maximo altez , contacted him in july 2010 about the complaint , and the two men met the following month to begin researching grounds for the lawsuit on the basis of their claim that van der sloot 's human rights had been violated in june 2010 , when chile expelled him to peru .
cotrina said he expects to complete next week a similar document , to be filed against the government of peru .
van der sloot , 24 , faces a trial on murder and robbery charges that is set to begin january 6 in peru .
he is accused of killing 21-year-old stephany flores in his lima hotel room last year .
police say he took money and bank cards from her wallet and fled to chile , where he was arrested a few days later .
amman , jordan ( cnn ) -- the wife of an alleged suicide bomber who killed eight people at a u.s. base in afghanistan last week says she is shocked by his actions but " proud " of what he did .
defne bayrak , the turkish wife of humam khalil abu-mulal al-balawi -- a jordanian doctor identified as the attacker -- said she doubted accusations her husband had been an intelligence agent , but was satisfied he did not die in vain .
" i am proud of my husband .
al-balawi has been named as the suspected bomber behind a december 30 attack on a u.s. base in khost , in southeastern afghanistan , that killed seven cia officers and contractors , and a jordanian army captain .
u.s. and jordanian officials say al-balawi had been recruited as a counterterrorism intelligence agent , despite concerns over his extremist views , and was being used in the hunt for a senior al qaeda figure .
bayrak , speaking from their home in istanbul , told cnn turk television she was " shocked " to hear what he had done .
" i am not saying whether i am believing or not believing .
( cnn ) -- italian manager gianfranco zola has been sacked by english premier league club west ham , while former england boss steve mclaren has joined german side wolfsburg .
the hammers announced in a statement on their official web site that they had terminated zola 's contract after a season in which they finished just one place above the relegation zone .
west ham 's new owners , david gold and david sullivan , who took control of the club in january , made clear there would be changes at the end of the season , and they have been true to their word .
the official statement read : " west ham united confirm that they have terminated the contract of gianfranco zola .
" the board of directors would like to thank him for his contribution and wish him well for the future .
the club will now be focusing its efforts on seeking a replacement . "
mclaren led dutch side fc twente to their first ever league title last season and will become the first english coach to take charge of a german side .
a statement on wolfsburg 's official web site said : " steve mcclaren is to take over as new trainer at vfl wolfsburg .
the 49 year old will start work on july 1st under a two year contract to keep him in wolfsburg until june 30th 2012 . "
former netherlands and ajax coach marco van basten has ruled himself out of the running to become the next boss of italian giants ac milan .
his debates with gene siskel , his longtime co-host on a succession of movie-review television shows , sometimes seemed to start before the introduction and often appeared to continue well after the credits rolled .
he wrote reviews , columns , interviews and articles , an astonishing collection of work that spanned more than four decades with the chicago sun-times , freelance contributions for magazines such as esquire , cd-roms ( ebert 's movie guide was one of the sources for the popular cinemania ) and rogerebert.com .
he hosted festivals for underappreciated films .
he tweeted , facebooked , corresponded with film lovers and held court with words long after his physical voice was silenced by cancer a decade ago .
ebert lost his battle with cancer thursday .
what a voice he had : firm , plain , brooking no claptrap and telling you exactly what he thought , a throwback , he said , to his newspaper reporter days .
( chicago , then and now , was full of such cheerily blunt personalities : mike royko , irv kupcinet , studs terkel -- perhaps to be expected in the birthplace of " the front page . " )
opinion : ebert 's sheer love of life above all , he was easy to relate to .
like many of his readers , i did n't always agree with ebert , but i could understand his viewpoint .
he understood movies were these complex machines of directors and actors and special effects guys and studio suits holding bags of money , machines that -- when they worked -- were magical , like dreams .
and when they did n't , he could be a compassionate man , more forgiving than many other critics .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- the co-author of a study on propofol addiction funded by aeg live and used in their defense in the michael jackson wrongful death trial lost his medical license for writing illegal drug prescriptions , according to testimony .
dr. torin finver was hired to help with the aeg live study after he lost his job at a pizza parlor and took a job driving a goodwill truck , said dr. paul earley , who testified wednesday as an expert witness for the concert promoter .
finver was " destitute , dead broke , and i wanted to help him , " earley , himself a recovering heroin addict , testified .
the revelation was a bizarre twist in the trial of the billion-dollar lawsuit filed by jackson 's mother and three children , which is being heard by a los angeles jury .
the four-month-long trial is nearing a conclusion .
aeg live lawyers will announce if they have any more witnesses to call before playing the video depositions of three more doctors on friday .
jackson lawyers would then take several days to call rebuttal witnesses before closing arguments are heard , which is likely to happened around september 23 .
ironically , the company is being accused of the negligent hiring of dr. conrad murray , convicted in jackson 's death because it allegedly failed to check murray 's background before hiring him .
jackson lawyer kevin boyle also grilled earley over his nondisclosure that he was working as a paid consultant in aeg live 's defense when he submitted the study for publication in a medical journal .
joliet , illinois ( cnn ) -- attorneys for drew peterson , a former chicago-area police officer accused of murdering his third wife , argued during opening statements tuesday that their client spent his career protecting the public and that murder accusations are groundless .
case closed , " said attorney joel brodsky .
kathleen savio was found dead in a bathtub in 2004 .
prosecutors , meanwhile , argued that peterson was motivated to kill , at least in part , by his desire to avoid settlement payments to his ex-wife .
" this ( is ) not a case where you 'll have dna , fingerprints , or a videotaped confession . . . ( but ) when you 've heard all the evidence , you 'll be able to determine that drew peterson killed kathleen savio beyond a reasonable doubt , " said will country state 's attorney james glasgow during his opening statement .
prosecutors called mary pontarelli , a neighbor , as their first witness .
a jury of seven men and five women , chosen over two days last week , will decide drew peterson 's fate during the trial in joliet , illinois , which is expected to last about a month , according to his lawyer .
peterson , 58 , was married to savio in 2001 when he had an affair with then-17-year-old stacy kales , who later became stacy peterson .
savio and peterson filed for divorce that october , and their relationship remained contentious for the next several years .
nick wilkins was diagnosed with leukemia when he was 4 years old , and when the cancer kept bouncing back , impervious to all the different treatments the doctors tried , his father sat him down for a talk .
" i explained to him that we 're running out of options , " wilkins remembers telling his son .
he asked his son if he understood what it would mean if this treatment did n't work .
" he understood he could die , " wilkins says .
" he was very stoic . "
this new therapy was decidedly different from the treatments he 'd received before : instead of attacking his cancer with poisons like chemotherapy and radiation , the philadelphia doctors taught nick 's own immune cells to become more adept at killing the cancer .
two months later , he emerged cancer-free .
it 's been six months since nick , now 15 , received the personalized cell therapy , and doctors still can find no trace of leukemia in his system .
trusting her intuition led to two cancer diagnoses twenty-one other young people received the same treatment at the children 's hospital of philadelphia , and 18 of them , like nick , went into complete remission -- one of them has been disease-free for 20 months .
the penn doctors released their findings this weekend at the annual meeting of the american society of hematology .
london ( cnn ) -- sixty years ago monday , a 25-year-old woman visiting a remote part of kenya got a message that her father had died .
she cut her trip short and flew home to london .
prime minister winston churchill met her at the airport -- because with her father dead , she had become queen elizabeth ii .
celebrations of her diamond jubilee , marking six decades on the throne , officially begin monday and continue through june , when london will mark the anniversary of her coronation with festivities including up to 1,000 boats sailing up the river thames .
on monday , the queen thanked the public " for the wonderful support and encouragement that you have given to me and ( husband ) prince philip over these years . "
she said in the open letter that she planned to " dedicate myself anew to your service . "
she called on people to " give thanks for the great advances that have been made since 1952 and to look forward to the future with clear head and warm heart " in a brief letter that she signed simply " elizabeth r. " she was honored with a 41-gun salute in london 's hyde park monday , and a 21-gun salute in edinburgh , scotland .
two new photographs of the queen were released monday as part of the diamond jubilee celebrations , showing her wearing a necklace worn by queen victoria in her own diamond jubilee portrait in 1897 .
elizabeth ii was not in line to the throne when she was born april 21 , 1926 .
but the fate of lilibet , as she was known to her friends , changed when her uncle edward abdicated the thone to marry wallis simpson , an american divorcee .
( cnn ) -- answers to the quiz are in bold .
what is the 5-digit number in which the first , third and last digits are the same , the first digit is four less than the second , the last is four less than the fourth and the second and fourth are the same ?
( hint : the sum of all the digits is 33 . )
in one series of matches , each won every game .
they were not playing each other 3 .
nicole was sure she got the right answer when her botany teacher asked her to pick out the plant that was not a tree from the list below .
which one would you choose ?
six bricklayers can lay 24 bricks in half an hour .
192 ( each bricklayer lays four bricks in half an hour , or eight bricks in an hour .
that is 16 bricks in two hours times 12 bricklayers who can lay 16 bricks each . )
( 4,000 / 2 = 2,000 , / 5 = 400 , / 10 = 40 , +1 = 41 ) 6 .
ben beat alice .
carol beat dan who beat ben .
what letter would logically complete the series below ?
v ( there are two series : a to e forward and z , y , x , w backward )
( cnn ) -- the unexpected resignation of david petraeus as head of the cia must have come as a shock to many americans , especially given his impeccable record as a distinguished military commander .
but like the greatest heroes from shakespeare , it would appear that he was not exempt from the time-honored temptations of human folly and self-destruction .
and now the plot is thickening , as details emerge that gen. john allen , the commander of u.s. and nato troops in afghanistan , is involved somehow in the scandal .
every time a steamy sexual intrigue is laid bare near the corridors of washington power , the french do n't see what all the fuss is about .
it 's only sex , after all .
it 's impossible to imagine a french political leader resigning because of an extramarital indiscretion .
the french , long used to regarding their leaders with cynical detachment , have been following this tormented domestic feud with interest and maybe some contempt .
( cnn ) -- there are plenty of reasons to fall in love with a staircase .
it 's a home 's conduit and connector .
" it 's where my daughter took pictures for her first daddy-daughter dance , " said anisa darnell , part of the milk and honey home decorator team from roswell , georgia .
her home 's staircase is also special to her because her grandfather posed with her daughter for a snapshot there before he passed away .
the back staircase in emily a. clark 's home is significant because it 's mostly used by her kids .
" i 've also caught them playing school on the little landing in the middle of the stairs . "
jacki poovey and her husband designed their staircase to be a grand , welcoming part of their cary , north carolina home , but it 's also at the heart of countless family memories .
" it 's a lived-in home , " says poovey .
massive undertakings , like diy home renovations , can imbue a home 's staircase with lasting impressions of the experience .
barnes blogs about the " really , really , really slow " process of their work , which she calls wonderful and overwhelming .
christine price , from manchester , england , can relate , having spent 250 hours stripping , sanding and painting the staircase in her edwardian home .
" now that it 's restored it makes such a huge difference to the whole feel of the house . "
rodman 's second trip to north korea this year comes months after months of threats of nuclear annihilation from pyongyang .
his desire to help bae is likely to be registered in the annals of diplomatic history as little more than a little diverting adventure .
but one never knows .
the " marshal , " who has actually never served in the military , might choose to act in a statesmanlike manner and release bae after another high-spirited soiree with the basketball legend .
other detained americans such a dramatic gesture of goodwill by the reclusive leader would achieve the effect of adding insult to the united states in light of north korea 's recent cancellation of an invitation to the u.s. special envoy on north korean human rights issues .
rodman , of course , is not qualified to carry out negotiations with north korea on sensitive political issues .
kim 's unconventional courting of rodman is about equivalent to his enjoyment of disney characters and scantily clad women on stage .
kim 's attraction to american icons such as the nba or hollywood does not signal a genuine overture to washington .
it does not indicate intentions of reform or opening up of the isolated totalitarian state that imprisons some 1 % of its population in political concentration camps .
( cnn ) -- it used to be called " the love that dare not speak its name " -- particularly in hollywood , where the revelation of homosexuality was believed to be a career-killer .
clay aiken recently announced he was gay on the cover of people magazine .
now , out gays and lesbians are as casually visible as the cover of people magazine , which has recently run stories on ellen degeneres ' wedding to portia de rossi and clay aiken 's decision to discuss his sexuality .
publicist howard bragman , author of the forthcoming " where 's my fifteen minutes " ( portfolio ) , says that it is .
" every person that comes out is another barrier coming down , " bragman , who is openly gay , told cnn.com .
acceptance by the mainstream public , he observes , is easier but by no means automatic , particularly when issues such as gay marriage are at stake .
the revolution is over -- now it 's an evolution . "
watch " american morning 's " lola ogunnaike look at changing attitudes » bragman was around when a performer revealing his or her homosexuality could still shock .
he helped guide dick sargent when the " bewitched " star came out of the closet in 1989 , and remembers when it was difficult to get support for movies such as " philadelphia , " the 1993 film that won tom hanks an oscar as a lawyer dying of aids .
( cnn ) -- it 's called the terrorist identities datamart environment , and weeks before authorities say he got on a plane with a bomb , umar farouk abdulmutallab was in it .
it contains information about hundreds of thousands of people , the majority of them foreign nationals , who are suspected of having terrorist leanings .
an fbi official said abdulmutallab was included in tide after his father warned the u.s. embassy in nigeria of his son 's hard-line beliefs and possible ties to militant islamists .
tide is just the start .
the fbi uses the raw information contained in the tide databank to determine whether to put the subject onto the government 's terror watch list , known as the terrorism screening data base .
that list contains the names and aliases of about 400,000 people , but abdulmutallab did n't make the cut .
the bureau 's own web site spells out the criteria for inclusion in the screening database , saying that " only individuals who are known or reasonably suspected to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting , in preparation for , in aid of , or related to terrorism are included . "
steubenville , ohio ( cnn ) -- one of the teens who recorded himself mocking the girl at the center of an ohio rape case " did a really dumb thing and regrets it " but did not commit any crime , his lawyer said monday .
the attorney , dennis mcnamara , said there was " no excuse or justification " for the jokes michael nodianos made , " and with some sober reflection , he is ashamed and embarrassed to hear them himself . "
" he sincerely regrets his behavior and his comments and the effect that it 's had on the parties involved , including his own family , " mcnamara told reporters in steubenville , the small ohio town that has become the focus of national attention because of the case .
" he was not raised to act in this manner . "
two 16-year-old members of the town 's powerhouse high school football team are charged with sexually assaulting a girl after a series of parties in august .
they are set for trial in a juvenile court in february .
mcnamara said nodianos , 18 , has been interviewed by detectives " at some length " and is not the subject of an investigation .
" michael is a really good kid from a really good family who did a really dumb thing and regrets it , " he said .
" beyond that , he has no involvement in the criminal case or in any of the underlying activity that led to the filing of the criminal charges . "
defense battles social media blizzard in ohio rape case the case gained national attention after the new york times published a lengthy piece on it in december .
the activist hacker group anonymous and other critics have accused community leaders of trying to paper over rampant misconduct by football players and suggested that other students took part in the assaults or failed to do enough stop them .
anonymous helped organize a weekend protest in steubenville that drew a crowd of hundreds to the town , a community of about 18,000 on the ohio river across the river from west virginia .
( cnn ) -- scotland 's paul lawrie carded a final round seven-under-par 65 on sunday to win the qatar masters by four strokes , his second victory in the tournament .
holding a one-shot lead after saturday 's second round , lawrie produced a bogey-free 18 holes , with a brilliant eagle on the par-five ninth the highlight of his round .
meanwhile , hanson posted a 67 to follow up consecutive 69s to ensure he shared second place .
" i do n't think i can play much better than that , " lawrie told the official european tour website .
" i 've been playing well for a long , long time , but it 's just nice to come out one ahead and shoot seven - under-par .
" when you 've got a chance to win a tournament you do n't sleep as well the night before and things go racing through your mind , " he added .
" you 've got to get back to basics and i did that .
i hit some nice shots coming in . "
john daly matched his opening 67 to finish alone in fourth place , six shots off the leader , while sergio garcia was one of four players who finished a further shot behind .
( cnn ) jordan executed two al qaeda prisoners before dawn wednesday , following through on a promised strong response to the isis killing of pilot moath al-kasasbeh , a government spokesman said .
put to death were sajida al-rishawi , the iraqi would-be suicide bomber whose release isis had previously requested , and ziad karbouli , a former top aide to the deceased leader of al qaeda in iraq , abu musab al-zarqawi , the spokesman said .
al-rishawi was executed for her role in a 2005 suicide bombing at a wedding reception in jordan that killed dozens .
karbouli was sentenced to death in 2007 after he was convicted of acts of terrorism that killed one person , the plotting of more terrorist attacks and the possession of explosives , the jordanian spokesman said .
the executions come a day after video and stills appeared to show a jordanian military pilot being burned alive while confined in a cage .
cnn is not showing images of the killing , which triggered global condemnation and prompted immediate promises of retaliation and protests in jordan , one of more than 60 nations involved in the u.s.-led coalition against isis in iraq and syria .
his statement indicates the back-and-forth in recent weeks between jordan and isis about a possible prisoner exchange to free the pilot took place after his death .
jordan repeatedly had asked isis to show proof that al-kasasbeh was alive .
( cnn ) -- a south african man was sentenced wednesday to life in prison for the killing of white supremacist leader eugene terreblanche , a lawyer in the case said .
the trial began in october .
police charged mahlangu and a 16-year-old in the death .
it was not immediately clear what sentence the minor got .
the group used terrorist tactics in a bid to stall the country 's first all-race vote in 1994 , killing more than 20 people in a wave of bombings on the eve of the elections .
terreblanche was convicted of a 1996 attempted murder of a black man who worked as a security guard on his farm .
cnn 's nkepile mabuse contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- around the world , media reaction to the democrats ' victory has poured in , as newspapers and broadcasters reflect on the barack obama campaign and the global impact his win will have .
a woman picks up a copy of a newspaper in sydney , australia the international herald tribune said that america had " leaped " across the color line , calling obama " a 47-year-old black man who made history both because of his race and in spite of it . "
" the immense turnout in yesterday 's election was testament to the energy , excitement and expectations of a rejuvenated american democracy , as well as the fears of a nation standing at a crossroads of history , " the paper said .
also in london , the guardian focused on the historic nature of the democrats ' win , saying : " victory in the end came as easily as the polls had predicted , " and comparing obama 's achievement with roosevelt 's of 1932 and reagan 's of 1980 .
it continued that he must " act quickly " to restore confidence in the economy and with his country " sick of war " is " unlikely to make any additional major overseas military commitments . "
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- pakistan 's all-powerful spy agency could face an unprecedented challenge from the nation 's high court after a lawyer representing seven victims urged contempt of court charges friday .
the isi has also been ordered to explain the deaths of four other detainees .
asad said he filed a petition after the supreme court adjourned friday 's hearing without the presence of the seven detainees .
a three-judge panel gave the isi a new monday deadline to produce the men .
" the court wants the detainees in court today and they 're not accepting any excuses , " said asad .
" the court has said they have until midnight to produce the detainees , even if it means bringing them to court in a helicopter . "
but the case breaks new ground in that the isi has long been thought untouchable .
legal proceedings could expose the inner workings of the highly secretive agency like never before .
the isi blamed the death of detainee abdul saboor , 29 , on natural causes , but his mother said scars on his body prove the agency tortured and killed her son .
buenos aires , argentina ( cnn ) -- roberto sanchez , the argentine singer known as " sandro " and who drew comparisons to elvis presley , died monday night after complications from surgery , his doctor told reporters .
he was 64 .
sandro 's romantic ballads made him a star in the 1960s , but he first found the limelight as rock and roll singer who imitated elvis ' style .
in his long career , sandro recorded dozens of albums and also acted in 16 movies , according to the web site rock.com.ar .
he is considered one of the pioneers of the spanish rock movement .
the singer was also known as " el gitano , " or " the gypsy , " because of his family 's roma roots .
he is survived by his wife , olga garaventa .
( cnn ) -- marc marquez announced himself as motorcycling 's bright new hope when he became the youngest rider to win a top-level race in sunday 's inaugural grand prix of the americas in texas .
the 20-year-old had been the youngest pole sitter when he topped saturday 's qualifying , and he followed that up by heading off honda repsol teammate dani pedrosa in the second event of the new motogp season .
world champion jorge lorenzo , who won the opening race in qatar , came home third for yamaha to be tied on points with his young compatriot at the top of the standings ahead of their home spanish grand prix next month .
" to be third in my first race in qatar was a dream and now , to take the victory in the second race -- that 's even better ! "
said marquez , who won the moto2 championship last year .
" the race was quite hard , especially in terms of physical condition towards the end .
i had some problems with the front that i had n't had in practice , but even with that i was able to push and keep up a constant rhythm -- not so fast , but enough .
" so i 'm very happy with that and i want to say thanks to all of my team .
without them this would not have been possible . "
britain 's cal crutchlow was fourth on a monster tech 3 yamaha ahead of germany 's stefan bradl and italy 's seven-time world champion valentino rossi -- back at yamaha after two disappointing years with ducati .
rossi 's replacement at ducati , andrea dovizioso , was seventh ahead of spain 's alvaro bautista , veteran american nicky hayden and another italian , andrea iannone .
( cnn ) -- charles dickens , who was born 200 years ago this week , created some of the best-known and most loved figures in english literature , from oliver twist and david copperfield to pip , miss havisham and magwitch .
but of all the characters he wrote about , none played as important a role in his work as that of london itself : its hustle and bustle , its glittering promise and grimy streets and the extremes of poverty and wealth experienced by those who lived there .
alex werner , the curator of the museum of london 's " dickens and london " exhibition , says the city was " absolutely central " to dickens ' work .
" it triggered his imagination , " he told cnn .
dickens in london dickens moved to london as a child , but the family soon ran into financial trouble : his father was sent to debtors ' prison , and at the age of just 12 , dickens was forced to work in a shoe polish factory -- warren 's blacking warehouse , at hungerford stairs -- to support his mother and siblings .
" it was a crazy , tumbledown old house , abutting of course on the river , and literally overrun with rats ... the dirt and decay of the place rise up visibly before me , as if i were there again , " he later told his biographer , john forster .
both the warehouse and the stairs , near what is now embankment tube station , are long gone .
( cnn ) fine starts to 2015 for world number one rory mcilroy and his arch-rival rickie fowler , a superb 64 from first round leader martin kaymer and aces for england 's tom lewis and spanish veteran miguel angel jimenez .
the first day of the hsbc abu dhabi championship thursday was nothing but eventful as a top class field jostled for position at the top of the leader board .
most eyes were on the partnership of mcilroy and his american rival fowler , teeing off early at abu dhabi gc , and they did not disappoint , both carding five-under rounds of 67 .
but last year 's u.s. open champion kaymer , a three-time winner at the venue , later upstaged them with a blistering eight-under 64 , which included 10 birdies , a personal best for him , he told the official european tour website .
it 's very difficult to shoot a bad score when you play like this .
his late charge denied belgium 's thomas pieters ( 65 ) the honor of first day leadership , while there was a five-strong group on 66 , consisting of branden grace , gregory bourdy , tyrell hatton , alexander levy and mikko ilonen .
mcilroy , looking to add to his two majors of last year in 2015 , made a slow start but a rally on his back nine , with five birdies in six holes , left him in a challenging position .
( cnn ) -- branden grace duly completed his front running victory at the dunhill links championships sunday after coming under last round pressure from denmark 's thorbjorn olesen at st andrews .
grace , winning for the fifth time in a superb 2012 , four coming on the european tour , ended two ahead of olesen after carding a final round 70 for a record 22-under total in the tournament .
" it feels awesome , " the south african told the official european tour website after a victory that has lifted him to third in the the race to dubai .
he has now targeted no. 1 rory mcilroy in the battle for the overall honors in europe .
" it 's definitely in my sights , " he said .
grace , who is yet another graduate of the ernie els foundation , led from the first round at kingsbarns where he shot a stunning 12-under 60 .
but grace pulled away with a stunning hat-trick of birdies only interrupted by a bogey on the road hole 17th .
he still had a two-shot lead playing the last which they both birdied .
alexander noren of sweden finished third , four shots back , with joel sjoholm of sweden in fourth .
it cost him a two-shot penalty and he ended up running up a quadruple bogey to slip back into a tie for fifth .
( cnn ) -- last june , glen campbell stunned fans when he revealed in a press release that he was suffering from alzheimer 's disease .
it was not an easy decision to go public with his private struggle , but his family felt it was a decision that needed to be made .
" the main thing we were concerned about was during shows he would forget a line or get a little confused , " says campbell 's daughter , ashley .
" people would think , ' is he drunk ? '
so we did n't want people to get the wrong impression . "
in november , he was the subject of a star-studded tribute at the cma awards show , and on sunday night , he 'll pick up a lifetime achievement trophy at the 54th annual grammy awards .
but there 's nothing like the pull of the grammys -- especially when you 're a five-time grammy winner .
campbell himself will take center stage for " rhinestone cowboy , " flanked by blake shelton , the band perry and his own band -- which features three of his grown children .
that would be the same stan lee who co-created spider-man ( as well as iron man , the incredible hulk , the x-men and so many other marvel characters ) .
the place was full of spidey images .
his struggling mother put everything she had into the party .
upon hearing the tale at his home in california , lee decided to pitch in .
" after hearing of the boy 's situation , how could i not ? "
lee decided to draw a sketch of spider-man for hunter .
lee , it should be noted , is n't an artist ; spidey was first drawn by steve ditko .
but he can do the character in a pinch .
new york times writer michael wilson delivered the drawing to jamel , with lee 's signature in the corner . "
( spider-man ) is a teenager , not an adult so ( young people ) can relate to him , " lee explained .
" he has many of the problems they themselves have , such as not enough money . "
( cnn ) -- lindsey vonn will have to wait a little longer to equal the all-time record for world cup race wins .
fresh from her triumph in saturday 's downhill at val d'isere , the american star had high hopes in the super-g but crashed out after hitting a gate mid-course .
it left the way clear for elisabeth goergl to lead an austrian one-two ahead of olympic champion anna fenninger -- with world cup overall points leader tina maze in third .
for vonn , who needs one more victory to tie the great annemarie moser proll 's record of 62 wins , there was disappointment but relief that she had escaped unscathed .
she has only just returned to the alpine skiing circuit after right knee surgery which saw her miss the olympic games in sochi earlier this year .
" i was a little tired , " vonn admitted as she reflected on her mishap .
" yesterday was a great day , but a very long day and it takes a lot of energy .
i skied pretty well on the top section and i was at my limit and i missed a little bit of elevation and i was n't able to make the gate , " she told the official website of the international skiing federation ( fis ) .
" the positive thing is that my knees are good and i 'm still going home for christmas with a big smile . "
goergl was also smiling after a superb display on the ok piste at the french resort , clocking a time of one minute 25.42 seconds .
the 71-year-old ex-police officer accused of shooting dead a man inside a florida movie theater wo n't get the chance to go home -- at least for now -- after a judge friday decided not to grant him bail .
" the state did , in fact , meet their standard , " siracusa said of prosecutors argument that curtis reeves should n't be allowed to post bond .
" and i am going to detain mr. reeves , pretrial .
he will remain in custody . "
reeves ' lawyer signaled his intention to appeal a decision that -- while not unexpected , given this is a homicide case -- he believes is unwarranted .
the attorney , richard escobar , said that he 's optimistic about not only the appeal on bail , but that a jury of six citizens will side with his client .
" mr. reeves is truly an innocent man , " escobar told reporters .
" and we look forward to proving that at a jury trial at some point . "
the widow of the man that reeves killed , meanwhile , applauded siracusa 's decision .
... i have no doubt in my mind that it was the right decision . "
no threats before shooting , widow says was it self-defense or an overreaction ?
as siracusa took pains to point out , his opting not to grant bail has nothing to do with his or others assessment of reeves ' guilt or innocence .
that wo n't happen until trial .
pressed to provide an example of what mccain had accomplished on that committee , holtz-eakin said the senator did not have jurisdiction over financial markets , then he held up his blackberry , telling reporters : " he did this . "
" and that 's what he did .
during the 2000 presidential campaign , vice president al gore drew controversy when he said that during his time in congress , he " took the initiative in creating the internet " -- based on his work promoting funding and early research in that area .
the obama campaign responded to the mccain adviser 's comments tuesday shortly after they were reported .
" if john mccain had n't said that ' the fundamentals of our economy are strong ' on the day of one of our nation 's worst financial crises , the claim that he invented the blackberry would have been the most preposterous thing said all week , " said obama campaign spokesman bill burton .
meanwhile , mccain senior aide matt mcdonald said that the senator " laughed " when he heard the comment .
beijing , china ( cnn ) -- when we requested an interview with members of the communist youth league , i expected an army of suits with well-rehearsed answers .
instead , we met three students casually dressed in jeans , just 18 to 23 years old .
she plans to attend graduate school .
unlike many government-sanctioned shoots , it was not carefully choreographed or closely monitored .
we sat down for tea at ritan park in downtown beijing .
my questions seemed to be more sensitive than they expected , but the students remained poised and answered every one .
all of the students are members of the chinese communist party and the communist youth league , the same organization that launched the successful careers of chinese president hu jintao and many of china 's other top leaders .
" i think communism is an ideal state of society that everyone should pursue , " said natalie chen , an 18-year-old freshman and finance major at peking university 's guanghua school of management .
" in the communist society , everything is fair in economics , in politics , in education .
everybody has equal opportunity and that 's a great society . "
" do you think everything is fair in china ? "
" at present i have to say no , " she said .
" but , we are of course making progress towards it . "
watch chang 's interview with the students »
the latest chapter in amanda knox 's long legal battle began monday in florence , italy , with a retrial over the 2007 killing of her british roommate meredith kercher .
but knox , 26 , who has expressed concern about returning to a country where she spent four years behind bars , was not in court .
knox was convicted in 2009 of murdering kercher , a 21-year old british exchange student who was found stabbed to death in november 2007 in the villa the two young women rented in the central italian university town of perugia .
family : amanda knox wo n't return to italy for new trial the convictions of knox and her ex-boyfriend , raffaele sollecito , were overturned in 2011 for " lack of evidence . "
after her acquittal , knox returned to her hometown of seattle , where she has been living since .
knox : sometimes , i ca n't stop crying but italy 's supreme court decided last year to retry the case , saying the jury that acquitted knox did n't consider all the evidence , and that discrepancies in testimony needed to be answered .
the retrial 's opening day monday was dominated by procedural items .
the presiding judge , alessandro nencini , read out the facts of the case , including the conviction of ivory coast native rudy guede for his role in kercher 's murder .
the defense teams asked for several items of evidence to be retested for dna , and nencini agreed that a knife found in sollecito 's apartment would be re-examined .
the court also agreed to hear testimony from luciano aviello , who served time in jail with sollecito and claims that his brother killed kercher .
( cnn ) -- a former campaign staffer for san diego mayor bob filner became the second woman to publicly accuse him of sexual harassment , saying tuesday that the then-congressman patted her " posterior " while at a fundraising event .
laura fink , who now runs a political consulting firm , told kpbs-tv that it happened in 2005 when she was working as filner 's deputy campaign manager .
but she said she now feels emboldened to tell her story after filner 's former spokeswoman , irene mccormack jackson , sued him for sexual harassment monday .
jackson said filner subjected her and other women to " crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching .
she said she resigned as filner 's communications director in june after deciding the mayor would not change his behavior .
" i had to work and do my job in an atmosphere where women were viewed by mayor filner as sexual objects or stupid idiots , " jackson said .
she said filner asked her to work without underwear and made repeated sexual advances toward her .
" he is not fit to be mayor of our great city .
he is not fit to hold any public office .
a man who lacks character makes a mockery of his ideas , " she said .
fink told kpbs on tuesday that the incident happened as she was escorting filner from table to table at a fundraising dinner .
at one point , she said , someone at the event told filner that fink had " worked her ass off " for him .
( cnn ) -- the tennessee supreme court on wednesday refused to modify or overturn a lower court 's ruling allowing mary winkler , convicted of killing her minister husband , visitation rights with the couple 's three daughters .
charles and diane winkler , parents of slain minister matthew winkler , had asked the court to intervene and either revoke mary winkler 's visitation rights or allow them to proceed only under supervision of a counselor .
winkler has not seen the children in 15 months , said kay farese turner , her attorney .
she said her client was " absolutely elated about the news and believes this will be her best christmas ever . "
turner said she believes the visit may come before christmas .
a jury convicted winkler earlier this year of voluntary manslaughter in the shotgun death of matthew winkler -- not the first-degree murder conviction prosecutors had wanted .
she said the slaying came after years of abuse , including physical violence and being forced to dress " slutty " for undesirable sex acts .
she was released in august .
at the time of their father 's death in march 2006 , patricia was 8 , mary alice was 6 and brianna was 1 .
panama city , panama ( cnn ) -- ricardo martinelli , the multimillionaire owner of a supermarket chain , was inaugurated as president of panama on wednesday .
ricardo martinelli is a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party .
national assembly president jose luis varela performed the swearing-in and placed the presidential sash on martinelli , a pro-business conservative who defeated a candidate from the ruling center-left party in may .
the citizens of panama " want things to be done differently , " varela said at the inauguration .
" an attitude of change starts today . "
in his first speech as president , martinelli promised a smaller government budget but raises for public workers .
public safety , an issue that the outgoing administration of martin torrijos struggled to maintain , will be a priority , martinelli said .
" our prisons will be rehabilitation centers , not schools for criminals , " he said .
panama will also work with mexico and colombia to combat drug trafficking in the region , martinelli said .
among the dignitaries at the inauguration was deposed honduran president jose manuel zelaya , who was ousted in a military-led coup sunday .
the organization of american states has condemned the coup , and zelaya has continued to carry out his presidential duties .
the son of italian immigrants , martinelli , 57 , is a self-made businessman who is chairman of the super 99 supermarket chain , one of the largest private companies in panama .
the u.s.-educated president previously served as minister and chairman of the board of directors of the panama canal authority and formerly was director of social security for panama , according to his web site .
( cnn ) -- ohio has executed its second inmate using a new one-drug method , officials said thursday .
vernon smith , 37 , was pronounced dead at 10:28 a.m. , according to a statement from the ohio department of rehabilitation and correction .
according to court documents , darwish did not resist smith 's orders to open the cash register and hand over his wallet , but smith shot him anyway , saying he " moved too slow . "
darwish bled to death from a single gunshot wound to the chest , the documents said .
darwish , a 28-year-old from saudi arabia , had a year-old daughter , and his wife was pregnant with another daughter , the columbus dispatch newspaper reported thursday .
the execution was ohio 's second using the one-drug method .
kenneth biros , 51 , was put to death in december .
it was ohio 's first execution since september , when gov. ted strickland and federal courts halted capital punishment in the state after a botched attempt to execute another prisoner , romell broom .
the prison staff could not find a suitable vein for broom 's lethal injections .
it relies on a single dose of sodium thiopental injected into a vein .
the one-drug method has been used to euthanize animals .
( cnn ) -- three radio djs in kenya are going six days without food while broadcasting non-stop to promote peaceful voting in a country that was nearly torn apart after its last election five years ago .
ghetto radio presenters mbusii , solloo and essie have been locked inside a " glass house " in central nairobi since wednesday , as part of the station 's annual serious request kenya event .
this year 's theme is " vote4peace vote4kenya , " ahead of the east african country 's elections on march 4 2013 .
the vote will be the first since ethnic violence engulfed the country after disputed elections in december 2007 , leaving more than 1,000 people dead and 350,000 displaced , according to the kenya red cross .
read related : can tech revolutionize african elections ?
three days into the challenge , dj solloo is in good spirits -- despite the lack of food .
" i 'm a bit hungry , " he laughingly admits , " but we have to do this -- it 's a pretty good feeling . "
solloo , whose real name is solomon njoroge , says kenya can not afford a return to post-election violence .
last time around , he says , he was a victim of the bloody unrest that swept his town of eldoret , one of the fighting hotspots in kenya 's rift valley province .
solloo says that back then he had to spend more than two weeks with limited food supplies while camping at a police station for safety .
" this country can not afford to go back to that time , " says solloo from the glass house , a few moments before going on air .
new york ( cnn ) -- a federal judge has ordered that an official monitor be put in place to prevent discrimination in the hiring of new york city firefighters .
u.s. district judge nicholas garaufis said the city needs " to comprehensively reassess its policies and practices , to analyze the evidence showing the effect of those policies and practices , and to rationally consider how they can be changed to achieve a firefighter hiring process that is -- in actual practice and effect -- fair and open to all . "
garaufis cited " the clear evidence of disparate impact that mayor ( michael ) bloomberg and his senior leadership chose to ignore was obvious to anyone else who looked . "
" instead of facing hard facts and asking hard questions about the city 's abysmal track record of hiring black and hispanic firefighters , the bloomberg administration dug in and fought back , " the judge said in his ruling .
mark lavorgna , a spokesman for the mayor , said the city intends to appeal the decision .
" four years of litigation and two adverse liability rulings later , the city still does n't get it , " garaufis said .
" the city 's senior leaders have routinely denied that they are responsible or doing anything to remedy nearly forty years of discrimination . "
( cnn ) -- organizers of the 2018 russia world cup insist they have nothing to hide ahead of an investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments .
football 's world governing body fifa awarded the 2018 competition to russia and the 2022 world cup to qatar in december 2010 , a decision which has been dogged by allegations of corruption and wrongdoing .
michael garcia , a former new york attorney , is head of the investigative arm of fifa 's ethics committee and will visit all of the countries involved in the bidding process for the two tournaments , beginning in london next week .
garcia has always insisted he is completely independent from fifa and would not hesitate to take action against president sepp blatter or other top fifa officials if he found evidence that they broke the rules .
the head of media for russia 2018 says the committee will co-operate fully with garcia 's fact-finding investigation .
" we can confirm the local organizing committee ( loc ) will fully support mr garcia 's work if he contacts us , " read a statement issued to cnn .
" the russia 2018 committee ran a bid campaign in full compliance with fifa rules and ethics , and we were awarded the right to host the fifa world cup because of the unique and compelling proposition we put together .
" the loc continues to conduct itself with exactly the same degree of transparency , commitment to excellence and spirit of fair play . "
blog : can the qatar world cup be moved ?
( cnn ) -- joe simon , the co-creator of star-spangled comic book hero captain america , has died at 98 , his family announced .
simon , a writer , editor and artist , passed away late wednesday in new york after a short illness .
" together , the team created captain america as well as long list of characters , including the newsboy legion and the boy commandos , " a statement thursday from simon 's family said .
a marvel comics website provides a summary of captain america and his superhero quest .
" in world war ii , patriotic soldier steve rogers , recipient of the ' super soldier serum , ' became the living symbol of freedom , captain america .
the movie " captain america : the first avenger " was released this year .
chris evans , in the title role , went up against villain red skull , played by hugo weaving .
the comic was a huge hit during world war ii .
with captain america came some of kirby 's comic book innovations , mark evanier , author of the book " kirby : king of comics , " told cnn in 2008 .
kirby and simon used different-sized panels , varying shapes , even full pages .
srinagar , indian-administered kashmir ( cnn ) -- six family members were buried alive after an avalanche crashed into their house in a remote village in indian-administered kashmir , officials said friday .
a total of 10 people were killed friday following five days of continuous snowfall in the mountainous region .
peth hallan is about 68 miles ( 110 kilometers ) south of srinagar .
another avalanche in the village of nayal , about 75 miles ( 120 kilometers ) from srinagar , killed three people , including a woman , a senior police official said .
and in the village of gulab bagh , in north kashmir , a third avalanche buried a house friday morning , killing one person and injuring three , he said .
" we have so far removed to safety over 300 persons from avalanche-prone villages of waltengo nar and gulab bagh , and lodged them in makeshift rescue centers , " the senior police official said .
after nearly a week of snowfall , authorities have sounded a red alert in the area , asking residents not to move out of their homes , citing the high risk of avalanches .
they are a common threat in kashmir during winters , and scores of lives have been claimed by them this season in areas where people live along the himalayan mountain ranges .
e-mail to a friend
the double amputee olympic star is charged with premeditated murder in the shooting death of his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp , a model and law school graduate .
he has never denied killing the woman he calls the love of his life on valentine 's day last year .
but he maintains that he mistook her for a home invader when he shot her in the bathroom of his upscale home in pretoria .
since being freed on bail , he has remained largely out of the spotlight .
he released a statement friday , the anniversary of her death , saying he will carry the " complete trauma " of the day forever .
pistorius , an olympic sprinter , also tweeted about her death for the first time since the shooting .
" a few words from my heart , " the tweet said , linking to the statement on his website .
his statement got mixed reviews on social media .
" apparently oscar pistorius is ' consumed by sorrow ' .
all these perpetrators claiming victim status .
again , i want to scream , " marianna tortell tweeted .
others were more forgiving .
" god bless you , oscar , " @sissi_olcp tweeted .
" such kind and heartfelt words .
my thoughts and prayers are with you , your family and reeva 's loved ones . "
( cnn ) -- a court in fulton county , georgia , has temporarily stopped the scheduled monday night execution of condemned murderer warren hill .
hill was sentenced to death for the 1990 killing of joseph handspike , another inmate in a georgia state prison .
he was convicted of beating handspike to death with a nail-studded board while serving a life sentence in the 1985 killing of his girlfriend , myra wright .
his lawyers have argued that hill is mentally retarded .
last minute stay of execution granted in february " today , the court found that more time is needed to explore mr. hill 's complaint , which raises serious concerns about the extreme secrecy surrounding the execution process in georgia , and the new lethal injection secrecy act , which took effect one day before georgia issued a death warrant for mr. hill , " brian kammer , hill 's attorney said in a statement .
monday is not the first time hill 's execution has been halted .
he had previously been scheduled to die last july , but the state supreme court stopped the execution on procedural grounds .
hill was granted another stay in february .
according to kammer , a briefing on hill 's complaint will take place thursday .
a new execution date is expected to be set for the same day , he said .
" ultimately , we are hopeful that the united states supreme court will hear mr. hill 's pending petition for writ of habeas corpus , and will have the opportunity to consider the important new evidence in this case , that there is unanimous consensus among all the doctors who have examined mr. hill , including three who previously testified for the state , that he is a person with mental retardation , and thus ineligible for the death penalty , " said kammer .
( cnn ) -- a conservative novelist in saudi arabia has triggered a firestorm on social media after one his tweets was misunderstood in western media .
an article on the financial times online reported that he had called for women working as cashiers to be sexually harassed .
the story was picked up by several news outlets , including the bbc and the huffington post .
even arab media that reported on him used the erroneous western translation .
al-dawood sought to clarify his stance in interviews with journalists .
speaking with sabq , a saudi daily , the hardliner vented his anger over the mistranslation of his message .
no one had called or messaged him to confirm its meaning , he said .
women in saudi arabia have begun working in shops , triggering vitriol from religious conservatives .
al-dawood took to twitter to express in his conservative criticism of women working as receptionists or cashiers to his 98,000 plus followers .
he linked to an ultra-conservative academic study to support his view .
his tweet : getting lots of " interaction in the trending of #femalecashiers #harassfemalecashiers this a link to a master 's degree thesis that considers the job of the female receptionist and cashier to be human trafficking . "
the hash tag #harassfemalecashiers raised ire with some who took it as a command to ' harass female cashiers . '
but in arabic the wording can be understood two ways .
al-dawood was using the phase to say : " they would harass female cashiers , " he has said .
( cnn ) -- michigan authorities are pursuing a new lead in the case of the infamous oakland county child killer who abducted and murdered at least four boys and girls in the 1970s .
the car matches the description of a vehicle seen near the scene of one of the kidnappings .
new dna work may offer break in slayings " we received an anonymous tip of car parts recovered in the excavation of a new homes subdivision , " shaw told cnn .
" there was that blue colored gremlin with the white stripe down the side of it .
we sent out our crime lab from bridgeport to investigate and see what the situation was .
" right now we are continuing to excavate the site to see if there is any more evidence we can locate , " shaw said .
the oakland county child killer task force was also notified , shaw added .
the search for the serial killer has lasted for more than 36 years .
police agencies have pursued some 20,000 tips in the hunt for the perpetrator of the unsolved murders , which took place over a 13-month period between 1976 and 1977 .
mark stebbins was 12 when he was abducted in ferndale on february 15 , 1976 .
his body was found nearly a year later .
jill robinson was also 12 when she was kidnapped on december 22 , 1976 .
her body was found four days later .
kristin mihelich was 10 when she disappeared in berkley on january 2 , 1977 , and her body was found later that month .
timothy king was 11 when he vanished in birmingham on march 16 , 1977 .
( cnn ) -- bill gates is putting out a call to inventors , but he 's not looking for software , or the latest high-tech gadget .
this time he 's in search of a better condom .
it may sound like the setup for a joke , but the goal is deadly serious .
while researchers call condoms one of the best ways to stop the spread of hiv , the virus that causes aids , getting people to use them is another story .
the foundation wants to see something that will lead men and women outside of a committed relationship to stop and think twice before having unprotected sex .
the startup grant could lead to $ 1 million in further funding .
nevertheless , many people are reluctant to use them because they complain that prophylactics interfere with pleasure and intimacy .
this creates " a trade-off that many men find unacceptable , " the foundation notes .
" any advance or new design that gets people to use condoms would be a big plus , " dr. anthony fauci , head of the national institute of allergy and infectious diseases and one of the world 's leading aids researchers , said in an interview with cnn .
he says great strides have been made in treating hiv infection in africa , but for every person who is treated two more become newly infected .
no one knows what was said amongst solange knowles , jay z and beyonce in that elevator in the standard hotel in manhattan or even what led up to the video that appears to show solange kicking and hitting her brother-in-law .
but here is what we do know : the internet is on fire with theories .
earlier this week , an elevator surveillance video surfaced that showed solange appearing to berate jay z before she becomes physical .
her sister , beyonce , is present and witnesses the attack .
the incident has inspired a hashtag , #whatjaysaidtosolange , countless memes and tons of speculation .
quoting an anonymous source , us weekly reported that solange knowles had an earlier run-in with designer rachel roy .
( roy is the ex-wife of damon dash , jay z 's former friend and business partner . )
the new york daily news , also using an unnamed source , took it one step further .
in addition to the alleged argument with roy , the paper threw in jay z 's supposed desire to head solo to a party being given by rihanna .
talk show host wendy williams also offered her own observations , including what appears to be the removal of a tattoo on beyonce 's finger of the roman numeral " iv . "
it was reportedly her wedding ring tattoo , meant to symbolize both her wedding date ( april 4 ) as well as her and jay z 's birthdays ( september 4 and december 4 , respectively ) .
so far , some of the principal characters seem to be letting instagram speak for them .
beyonce has posted happy pictures of her and her sister , while solange participated in " throwback thursday " with a picture of the two siblings as kids .
romney 's choice of ryan is considered by political observers to be a bold , risky move that could potentially change the dynamic of the oval office race .
cnn exclusive : how romney chose his running mate by the numbers , here 's a look at paul ryan : 28 - ryan 's age when he was first elected to congress , in 1998 .
polls : paul who ?
104 - times paul ryan 's wikipedia entry has been updated so far today , since ryan was announced as mitt romney 's running mate .
paul ryan , top gop voice on fiscal matters 25 % - the corporate tax rate under ryan 's budget plan .
2 - number of proposed federal income tax brackets , 10 % and 25 % , under ryan 's plan .
6 - number of current federal income tax brackets .
romney camp prepares medicare defense after ryan pick 173,783 - followers for ryan 's preexisting twitter account @reppaulryan .
57 , 744 - followers for ryan 's new campaign-related twitter account @paulryanvp that was launched today .
153,000 - " likes " for ryan 's pre-existing facebook page .
ryan is a big fan of the regimen .
( cnn ) -- the one-eyed jihadist commander known as " mr. marlboro " is back in action .
moktar belmoktar , whose group was responsible for the deadly attack on the bp oil facility in southern algeria last january , appears in a new video released by his group -- the al-mulathameen brigade , which translates as the " signatories in blood brigade . "
more than 30 foreign workers at the in amenas facility in algeria were killed during a three-day occupation of the plant .
belmokhtar is an algerian but was more recently based in northern mali , where he had combined kidnapping and smuggling ( hence the nickname ) with audacious terror attacks .
he got his nickname for smuggling cigarettes across borders .
thought to be about 40 , belmokhtar was rumored to have been killed or wounded in march during the french military intervention in mali .
the video shows a group of jihadists preparing for two deadly raids in neighboring niger in may , which targeted a french-owned uranium mine and a nigerien military academy .
" my brothers , all you should do is strive and make efforts with all determination and power to bring down their sites and harm their troops , " belmoktar says before embracing the group .
at one point , he appears to be instructing recruits in using a rocket-propelled grenade .
the government of niger sent troops to join the french-led operation in mali .
( cnn ) -- in the history of organized athletics , there has never been a person who needs to come back again less than michael phelps .
yes , you have read that correctly .
i am urging the greatest swimmer in all of sports to keep his word , forget about rio in 2016 and retire .
to go away .
to ignore his mother and his sisters and matt lauer and mark spitz and rowdy gaines and to once and for all hang up his goggles and speedos .
go .
buzz off .
it 's the reason our final snapshot of sugar ray leonard is an embarrassing stoppage against hector camacho and the reason jim palmer arrived at spring training with baltimore in 1991 throwing big , fat , little league meatballs .
why , it 's even the reason a 41-year-old spitz , phelps ' predecessor as our own personal aquaman , jumped back into the pool to qualify for the 1992 games in barcelona .
he , of course , failed -- by a whopping two seconds .
news : olympic legend phelps : ' i 'm done with swimming ' we convince these men and women that they can still do it , that it 's worth one more shot , that age is just a number , that legend is a gift of the gods , and to not use it is shameful .
( gaines , the former olympic swimmer who now works as an nbc commentator , recently said he believes phelps will likely come back because " he 'll be able to walk through airports in a couple years and not be mobbed .
he 'll miss that . "
there is a word for this line of thinking : sad . )
nway prepares for her new job , selling vegetables from her aunt 's garden .
and her eyes are blank as she sifts through the debris of what used to be her home before cyclone nargis slammed into myanmar one night and swept her parents away .
her name is nway , and that 's how she looked when aid workers found her after nargis destroyed her isolated village .
she refused to talk about the cyclone , pretending it never took place .
she became , according to a cnn story , the " girl who refuses to remember . "
a year later , an aid worker returned to the village to see how nway was doing .
she found nway living in a tidy , bamboo house flanked by palm trees .
the 8-year-old greeted her visitor with a big smile .
then she asked whether she could play with her visitor 's hair .
pam sitko , the aid worker , said nway -- like thousands of people in myanmar -- is slowly recovering one year after nargis demolished their country .
" after all of her pain and loss , she really is a spunky girl , " said sitko , who works with world vision international , a humanitarian group .
" she was n't shy about reaching out to touch my blonde hair . "
last year 's cyclone was catastrophic .
it killed at least 140,000 people and left at least 2 million people without homes , according to the united nations world food programme .
saif al-islam gadhafi showed up at the rixos hotel , one of the remaining strongholds of pro-gadhafi forces , in a convoy of armored land cruisers .
in a brief interview with cnn 's matthew chance , he said his father and several of his sisters were safe in tripoli , and that loyal troops had " broken the back " of the rebels who moved into the capital over the weekend .
saif al-islam gadhafi , who is wanted on war crimes charges by the international criminal court in the hague , had been reported captured on sunday along with two of his brothers .
there was no immediate explanation from the national transitional council , the rebel leadership that had announced their capture sunday .
the younger gadhafi said news of his arrest had been a trick by the rebels , and that he had been traveling around tripoli in his armored convoy the entire time .
he said that government forces had lured the rebels into a trap in the capital , and that gadhafi loyalists " have broken the spines of those rats and those gangsters . "
luis moreno-ocampo , the icc 's chief prosecutor , had said sunday that he would seek saif al-islam gadhafi 's extradition following his capture .
asked about the warrant for his arrest , saif al-islam gadhafi told reporters , " to hell with the icc . "
( cnn ) -- gen. joshua lawrence chamberlain , a bespectacled college professor turned soldier in the defense of the union , often returned to gettysburg , that legendary battlefield where on a grim and terrible july day in 1863 , chamberlain and his regiment , the 20th maine , held the extreme left flank of the union army against an attack by near overwhelming odds , launched by equally gallant troops from alabama .
chamberlain 's regiment held the line .
as the years passed , the medal of honor recipient would go back to gettysburg with comrades to contemplate and to pray .
he came to call that hallowed ground the " vision place of souls . "
what would he and his comrades , and those who faced them beneath that hot july sun say to us today ?
for our " vision place of souls , " are now off limits , forbidden lands , " verboten " to all .
in what is described as a government shutdown , the beltway around washington is still jammed with the commuters to federal offices , white house and congressional staffers continue to work , but by a highly selective process , our national memorials to the living and fallen who served in world war ii , korea and vietnam are closed .
few veterans have the means to travel to remote islands of the pacific , the beaches of normandy , the woods of the hurtgen and bastogne to visit but one more time their " vision place , " where with family and comrades they can say , " here i fought , " or say , " here is where my friend charlie -- remember my telling you about him ?
-- here is where he died . "
for them , the monuments have become their ' vision place , " their gathering place , the place of remembrance , of pride , and of tears .
( cnn ) -- an arizona couple who wanted to adopt a woman 's baby know more than they 're saying about the 8-month-old boy 's disappearance , police say .
gabriel johnson has n't been seen since december 26 , police said , and his mother was arrested last week in miami beach , florida , after not reporting for a december 28 child custody hearing in arizona .
for their part , the smiths told hln 's jean casarez on " nancy grace " that they voluntarily took polygraph tests friday at the tempe police department .
" the polygraph test is not like what you see on tv , " jack smith said .
" it 's almost like being strapped into the electric chair , so it 's very intensive .
and we were very happy to do it . "
the smiths have said they met elizabeth johnson , 23 , seven months ago during a long layover at an airport , and later the three discussed a plan to adopt johnson 's child , gabriel .
but the boy 's father , logan mcqueary , has legal custody and has said elizabeth johnson urged him to sign papers giving the smiths custody of the boy , but he refused .
" she did n't want logan to have the baby , and we could n't adopt the baby because logan would n't sign the papers , " tammi smith said on " nancy grace . "
( cnn ) -- mark your calendars : the midterm elections are n't yet decided , but there 's already a date scheduled for a 2016 presidential debate .
with slightly more than two years until a new president is chosen , the ronald reagan presidential foundation announced thursday its plans to host a televised debate for republican primary candidates on sept. 16 , 2015 at the reagan library in california .
" ronnie would be so pleased to know that his presidential library continues to attract america 's leaders to discuss the future of the country he loved so dearly , " former first lady nancy reagan said in a release from the reagan foundation , an organization geared toward promoting the gop icon 's national legacy .
" i ca n't think of a better way to honor my husband than to keep the tradition of reagan library-hosted debates alive . "
but do n't get too excited for a heated gop faceoff : new rules from the republican national committee plan to limit the number of primary debates in the upcoming presidential contest after a series of contentious debates rattled the party leading up to 2012 .
although no republicans have officially announced a 2016 white house bid , many potential contenders have made themselves known in recent months by stumping for midterm candidates .
new jersey governor chris christie , for example , has made four trips to iowa in recent months to support gop candidates there .
and republican u.s. senator rand paul recorded robocalls for a florida republican in a tight race to maintain his house seat .
( cnn ) -- the stars of tennis took time out from their french open preparations sunday to honor the man who helped them become some of the highest-paid athletes in the world .
brad drewett passed away friday , aged 54 , succumbing to the motor neurone disease that had forced him to step down as head of the men 's atp world tour .
novak djokovic , roger federer , rafael nadal , andy murray and serena williams led a minute 's silence ahead of the start of the madrid masters , while similar tributes were held at tournaments in portugal and germany .
" brad was n't just the president of the atp but was a player himself , a board member , " federer said on the atp website .
" he 's given so much time and effort to the atp , and i think this is really what we will try to honor in a small way today . "
drewett reached a career-high 34 in the world rankings , but his efforts in administration had far bigger impact on the game , from his time on the players ' council to running the atp 's middle east , asia and pacific operations before becoming president in early 2012 .
the australian took the end-of-season championship to china as part of tennis ' global spread in the early 2000s , and then brought it to london where it has become a lucrative moneyspinner and showpiece for the atp .
he has also been credited with getting the players a larger share of prize money from the four grand slam tournaments since he took over the top role a year and half ago .
( cnn ) -- police in jackson , mississippi , have prepared an arrest warrant for former television host gary collins for leaving the scene of an accident , police spokesman colendula green told cnn .
officers were called to the scene monday afternoon but when police arrived , only one of the parties involved was there .
the victim " had been stopped at a red light and was rear-ended by a white jeep , driven by gary collins , " green said .
collins ' lawyer , tom royals , said his client had gotten out of his vehicle , examined the accident , and exchanged information with the driver of the other car .
" the other party knew his information , " royals said .
" and in fact collins knew someone in the car .
police are waiting to execute the arrest warrant once a judge signs off on it .
the other driver is pressing charges , green said .
" it was not a serious accident , " royals said .
" it was really just a minor fender-bender . "
collins is known for being a tv and radio personality , and is married to former miss america mary anne mobley .
as an actor , he is known his role in the television series " the sixth sense , " and " the wackiest ship in the army . "
belfast , northern ireland ( cnn ) -- ireland 's top roman catholic cleric , cardinal sean brady , was under mounting pressure to resign friday amid renewed allegations about his role in dealing with the sexual abuse of children by priests .
a british television documentary repeated claims made in 2010 that brady was told of attacks by pedophile priest father brendan smyth in 1975 but did not inform police or the parents of the victims .
responding to the bbc program , brady repeated his defense that he had done his job by passing details of all allegations to his superiors .
he told cnn that he felt " betrayed " when he discovered that church officials had taken no action against smyth , who continued to abuse children for years throughout ireland and in the united states .
smyth was eventually imprisoned and has since died .
brady has accepted that during the 1970s , he was " part of an unhelpful culture of deference and silence in society and the church , " but he has insisted he does not intend to resign .
the catholic church in ireland said friday that a previous request from brady for pope benedict xvi to send a bishop to help him with his work would be " reactivated . "
calls continued from abuse victims and lawmakers in northern ireland and the republic of ireland for brady to step down .
abuse survivor jon mccourt told cnn that further inquiries should be made into brady 's role .
alonso was fourth in the drivers ' standings this year , 135 points behind red bull 's all-conquering sebastian vettel after winning just one race , while teammate felipe massa was a massive 274 points off the pace in sixth .
after being father christmas for ferrari employees at the team 's maranello headquarters , and then one of the three wise men at a sponsors ' party , alonso turned his attentions towards his bid to add a third world title to his 2005 and 2006 successes at renault .
argentina 's new f1 project " this is the time when one is always optimistic , but then we must wait for the start of the season to see where we really are .
it 's true that in the past few days , there was a good feeling at maranello and there 's an air of confidence about it , " the 30-year-old told ferrari 's website .
" we want to reacquaint ourselves with the taste of winning that has eluded us for a while .
" the philosophy behind the 2012 car is very different to that of 2011 , especially in some key areas like suspension and aerodynamics . "
bogota , colombia ( cnn ) -- " easy money , fast and effective . "
that was the name of one of the businesses in which millions of colombians deposited their life savings after being promised short-term returns of as much as 150 percent .
but government officials say the businesses were pyramid schemes that raked in at least $ 200 million from 3 million people .
the government has said it knows who most of those responsible are , but they have escaped .
sergio munoz is among those who lost their savings .
" that was for my children , " he said .
" now , it comes to light that they have robbed us .
it was with complicity of the authorities who permit this -- knowing that it is illegal for it to be permitted . "
the government says the businesses defrauded the public by offering false promises of a sure investment .
wilson rodriguez handed over the equivalent of $ 80,000 to a money man who offered him what he thought were assets in hotels and property in exchange .
now , he does n't know whom to approach .
" i do n't even have enough to care for my family , " he said .
" i lent money and what i make from my salary goes to pay off debts .
i have nothing .
i lost everything . "
infuriated investors have demonstrated outside the headquarters of several companies in question across the nation .
worried that the situation has already led to physical altercations and riots , president alvaro uribe asked that authorities act immediately to bring those responsible to justice .
in a telephone call monday between russia 's defense minister general sergei shoigu and the u.s. secretary of defence chuck hagel , shoigu described the activity of u.s. and nato troops near russia 's border as " unprecedented . "
according to the official russian version of the call , his american counterpart assured him the alliance did not have " provocative or expansionist " intentions -- and that russia should know this .
but it hardly seems to matter how often nato makes these assurances .
fear of the western military alliance 's steady march east is deep-rooted .
it strikes at the very heart of russia 's national sense of security , a relic of cold war enmity which has seeped down to post-soviet generations .
ilya saraev is a 15-year-old pupil at the first moscow cadet school in moscow .
he thinks long and hard when i ask him about nato .
" i think nato might be a friend to russia but there 's one point i do n't understand : why it needs to approach the border with russia more and more , " he says .
cadet school is an education in patriotism , like something from a bygone era .
besides the regular classes , there are lessons in ballroom dancing .
teenage cadets proudly leading local beauties through the waltz while outside their classmates rehearse the goosestep .
after the takeover of crimea , u.s. secretary of state john kerry accused russia of behaving in a 19th century fashion in the 21st century .
in some ways it 's an epithet that seems to ring true here .
the children are immaculately mannered and thoughtful .
they write to their fellow cadets in crimea .
they say they feel sad there 's this tension between brother nations -- russia and ukraine .
( cnn ) -- the feat has not been achieved since 1936 but with every victory , the pressure on andy murray to deliver a first british winner of the men 's singles at wimbledon since fred perry grows .
the expectation is always there for any leading british player but with rafael nadal and roger federer having unexpectedly dropped out of his section of the draw , murray is fancied like never before to finally rewrite history .
the beaten finalist in 2012 , the 26-year-old survived a second set scare to beat russian 20th seed mikhail youzhny 6-4 7-5 ( 7-5 ) 6-1 and reach the quarterfinals for the sixth straight year .
the second seed will meet the unseeded fernando verdasco for a place in the semifinals , with the scot boasting an 8-1 winning record against the spaniard , who beat kenny de schepper in straight sets .
" but once i got ahead in the third set , i concentrated really hard not to let him back into the match like i did in the second set . "
youzhny needed treatment on a shoulder injury early in the third set and faded soon after , so allowing the british number one to reach the last eight without dropping a set .
( cnn ) -- a former utah policeman is a suspect in at least three of monday 's four rush-hour shootings near dallas , texas , including one of two fatal attacks , police said tuesday .
miller said it is unclear if smith was involved in the other fatal shooting , which was the first attack of the evening .
four motorists were attacked along a three-mile stretch near and on the lbj freeway , about 10 miles northeast of downtown dallas , on monday evening , police said .
the first attack , which happened in garland , texas , about 5:41 p.m. , killed jorge lopez .
garland police said lopez , 20 , was sitting in his nissan at a traffic light when a man in a pickup pulled alongside him and fired shots into his car , killing him .
while one driver escaped injuries , william scott miller , 42 , of frankfort , kentucky , was shot to death behind the wheel of a united van lines truck , police said .
washington ( cnn ) -- the federal government said it will recommend that new cars have rear-view video systems , a move immediately denounced as " insufficient " by safety groups who say the cameras should be mandatory .
the camera and monitor system enables drivers to see whether people or objects are in the blind spot behind vehicles .
the national highway traffic safety administration said tuesday it will add the rear-view video systems to its list of recommended features under its new car assessment program , designed to encourage car manufacturers to improve vehicle safety .
but safety groups called the action a stalling tactic , saying the agency is dragging its feet in fulfilling a congressionally imposed deadline to issue a rule on rear visibility .
passed in 2008 , the law had a 2011 deadline .
the regulation is now two and a half years overdue .
death toll from backover accidents grows the nhtsa action " is an inadequate substitute for issuing a mandatory safety regulation , " jackie gillan , president of advocates for highway and auto safety , said in a statement .
the nhtsa announcement tuesday came just one day before a group of safety advocates , including two parents who unintentionally hit their children while backing up , was expected to file suit against the u.s. department of transportation , which includes nhtsa .
the suit is to be filed wednesday morning by greg gulbransen , who reportedly backed over his 2-year-old son , cameron , in his driveway in 2002 , killing him , and by susan auriemma , who backed over her 3-year-old daughter , kate , in her driveway in 2005 , injuring her .
washington ( cnn ) -- mexican drug cartels have used cash and sexual favors as tools to corrupt u.s. border and customs agents , an inspector general investigation has found .
in exchange , agents allow contraband or unauthorized immigrants through inspection lanes , protect or escort traffickers or leak sensitive information , said charles edwards , acting inspector general of the department of homeland security .
testifying before a senate subcommittee , edwards cited the zetas drug cartel as one of the leaders " involved increasingly in systematic corruption . "
he did not elaborate on how non-cash methods of corruption , like sexual favors , have been used to corrupt agents .
since october 2004 , 127 customs and border protection employees have been arrested or indicted for acts of corruption , said agency commissioner alan bersin , speaking at the same hearing of the senate subcommittee on disaster recovery and intergovernmental affairs .
mexican president felipe calderon 's offensive against the drug cartels , combined with a surge in the hiring of border agents in recent years , have multiplied the risks of corruption , bersin said .
today , the border patrol counts more than 20,700 agents , more than double its size in 2004 .
bersin implied that the rapid hiring spree may have come at the cost of hiring less qualified agents .
" the accelerated hiring pace under which we operated between 2006 and 2008 -- and , frankly , mistakes from which we are learning -- exposed critical organizational and individual vulnerabilities within cbp , " he said .
to face this challenge , the commissioner touted the passage of the anti-border corruption act of 2010 , which requires that by 2013 , all the agency 's law enforcement applicants must receive a polygraph test before being hired .
it also calls for periodic reinvestigations into the background of its agents .
jerusalem ( cnn ) -- a wheelchair-bound israeli veteran died wednesday , days after setting himself on fire in a protest over his economic situation , a spokeswoman for sheba medical center in tel aviv said .
akiva mafa'i , who was badly injured two decades ago during his service in the israel defense forces , had set himself alight sunday .
the veteran had spent four months in a coma at the beer sheva medical center after he was injured at age 23 , according to local media reports .
he was to be married a month after he was hurt but the marriage was canceled .
mafa'i is the second person to die in a self-immolation in israel in less than a week .
moshe silman , a bed-ridden member of a movement to lower the cost of living in israel , set himself alight during a demonstration in tel aviv on july 14 .
teenage monk self-immolates in china according to local media reports , he left a note accusing the conservative netanyahu government of " taking from the poor and giving to the rich . "
israeli media have reported other suicide attempts apparently motivated by economic hardship .
the social protest movement has been gaining ground since large demonstrations were held in cities last summer , led by members of israel 's middle class , over soaring costs of living .
figure skating with expectations nearly as high as the men 's hockey team , two russian figure skaters are in position to medal thursday .
but instead of julia lipnitskaya being the russian in the top 3 after the short program , it was adelina sotnikova who was just behind yuna kim , the current queen of the ice .
" i 'm very happy the first ( technical element score of 39.09 ) mark was so high , " she said .
" i skated really well , and i got good levels on everything so i think they reflected my skate . "
lipnitskaya fell on a triple flip but still sits in fifth position between americans gracie gold and ashley wagner .
" i do n't know what happened .
my preparation was all fine .
i was n't nervous .
i can still fight for a medal tomorrow . "
yuna kim still looks the part of champion despite her absence from many recent competitions .
sotnikova , meanwhile , is the third skater of the final group .
kanye 's " fantasy " conquered reality ; the black keys locked into a groove ; arcade fire burned down the suburbs .
jamey johnson , " the guitar song " 1 : what does jamey johnson keep under all of that hair ?
nashville 's gruffest and grittiest star turns out to be its most reliable traditionalist , a music row pro who can write a song for every emotional season .
johnson pulled out a whole slew of them -- 25 , clocking in north of 105 minutes -- for his double-disc fourth album : acoustic confessions and rugged boogie blues , big weepers and grim reapers , cover tunes and novelty ditties , not to mention " california riots " and " playing the part , " a pair of fiercely funny , unrepentantly redneck swipes at the frou-frou blue states .
arcade fire , " the suburbs " arcade fire do n't do anything small -- so leave it to the montreal collective to make an album of vast , orchestral rock that locates the battle for the human soul amid big houses and manicured lawns .
" the suburbs " is the band 's most adventurous album yet : see the psychotic speed strings on " empty room , " the crazy horse rush of " month of may , " the synth-pop disco of " sprawl ii ( mountains beyond mountains ) . "
win butler and his wife , régine chassagne , sing about suburban boredom , fear of change and wanting to have a kid of their own -- always scaling their intimate confessions to arena-rock levels and finding beauty wherever they look .
elton john and leon russell , " the union " two rock giants , one largely forgotten , rekindle a friendship and make music that ranks with their best .
producer t bone burnett delivers his most spectacular production in memory , filled with shining steel guitar , chortling brass and gospel-time choirs .
ultimately , it 's russell 's voice that shines brightest , drawing on the entire history of american popular music in its canny , vulnerable , knowing croon .
washington ( cnn ) -- in the tight circle that surrounds president obama , white house spokesman robert gibbs is in the inner bubble .
he 's the 3 a.m. wake-up call when north korea fires a test missile , or when the nobel committee picks the president for the top award .
" trust me , it is a job i would gladly give to anybody who would volunteer , " gibbs said .
after all , he 's an adviser , a friend and a mouthpiece for the administration with more access than recent press secretaries .
" i can walk in and ask him a question at any given time , pick up the phone and talk to him about anything at any given time .
i think [ that ] makes my job easier , " gibbs said in an exclusive interview with cnn .
the president and the press secretary first connected in 2004 when obama was a virtual unknown outside of chicago , illinois , and was campaigning for the u.s. senate .
they clicked and grew close , leading obama to tell the wall street journal in a 2008 interview , " robert is the guy i want in the foxhole with me during incoming fire .
if i 'm wrong , he challenges me .
gibbs chuckled while recalling the comment and quipped , " that is when we called him ' senator ' or by his first name . "
while challenging obama when he was on a campaign bus is much different than pushing back in the oval office , gibbs insists that obama still seeks opposing opinions and dislikes an atmosphere where everyone tells him he 's right .
cairo ( cnn ) -- an egyptian military court has sentenced an activist blogger critical of the army to three years in prison , and it did so without his lawyers present , a development that drew stiff condemnation by human rights groups .
joe stork , deputy middle east director at human rights watch , said the sentence " may be the worst strike against free expression in egypt since the ( hosni ) mubarak government jailed the first blogger for four years in 2007 . "
his group , which issued a statement on the sentence , said nabil 's trial " has serious implications for freedom of expression on the internet more generally and in particular the ability to expose military abuses . "
" the sentence is not only severe , but it was imposed by a military tribunal after an unfair trial , " stork said .
state department spokesman mark toner said tuesday that the u.s. government is " deeply concerned " about nabil 's sentence .
( cnn ) -- what started out as chelsea 's worst season since owner roman abramovich arrived in 2003 is now on the verge of becoming one of the english club 's best .
saturday 's fa cup final success , the london side 's fourth in six years in the world 's oldest football competition , is the latest step in a revival that could end in the realization of the russian billionaire 's longheld dream .
the nailbiting 2-1 victory at wembley is but a tasty precursor to a champions league final in munich on may 19 that offers the chance for abramovich to finally win europe 's top club prize .
he brought premier league success to stamford bridge in 2005 after spending millions on coach jose mourinho and a swathe of star players , achieving chelsea 's first english title in 50 years .
two more followed , but not before mourinho departed after failing to repeat the european triumph at porto that earned abramovich 's attention -- and avram grant , luiz felipe scolari and carlo ancelotti also exited as champions league success proved elusive .
andre villas-boas , " the new mourinho , " was bought out of his contract at porto to replace ancelotti -- a european champion as both player and coach -- but the portuguese prodigy alienated chelsea 's powerful old guard of players as he sought to stamp his authority and rebuild the squad .
his assistant roberto di matteo , a former chelsea player himself , has had no such problems winning their respect as he has reverted to the style so successful under mourinho , allowing the likes of veterans frank lampard and didier drogba to restore their pre-eminent roles in the team .
chicago ( cnn ) an illinois teenager accused of trying to support isis pleaded not guilty tuesday in federal court .
mohammed hamzah khan , 19 , had invited his family to join him in his plans to travel to join isis in the mideast , authorities said .
the islamic state in iraq and syria is using warfare and terror in an attempt to create an islamic state across sunni areas of iraq and in syria .
the teenager 's mother , zarine khan , condemned isis and accused it of using social media propaganda to brainwash muslim youths .
she cited last week 's terror attacks in paris that killed 17 people and allegedly involved a now dead suspect with ties to isis .
" we condemn this violence in the strongest possible terms .
we condemn the brutal tactics of isis and groups like them .
" we have a message for isis , mr. baghdadi and his fellow social media recruiters : leave our children alone ! "
zarine khan said , as her husband , shafi ullah khan , stood beside her .
she was referring to abu bakr al-baghdadi , the mysterious boss of the terror group isis .
her son is charged with one count of attempting to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization .
the charge he faces carries a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
he wrote that he was leaving the united states to join isis , according to a criminal complaint .
authorities said they found a three-page letter in the bedroom he shared with a sibling in bolingbrook , illinois , in which he invited his family to join him .
but he warned them not to tell anyone about his travel plans , the complaint said .
( cnn ) -- it 's an itch he just has n't been able to scratch .
" the day castro marched into havana , i was on the air in miami doing my morning show and i made the announcement , " king told ismael cala in an interview for the " cala " talk show on cnn en español .
just two years ago , king was in cuba to try to get that elusive castro interview , but the cuban leader remains the only major figure he has n't interviewed , he said .
" forget politics , he has run a country for 50 years , he 's a successful revolutionary , an intriguing person , " said king about why he remains fascinated .
one top interview he did secure -- with the late venezuelan president hugo chavez in 2009 -- came back into focus recently with chavez 's death .
king -- the last person to interview chavez on cnn -- recalls chavez being easy to be around and engaging , even remembering him as a hugger and singer .
" he was a conflicted person .
yes , he was against capitalism , but he helped a lot of people , especially in the northeast ( of the u.s. ) .
when there was a shortage of oil , he gave a lot of free oil to that area . "
mexico city ( cnn ) -- hours after mexico 's presumed president-elect , enrique peña nieto , said it was time for his country to leave behind the political rancor of campaign season , his closest opponent in the polls refused to concede and said the vote had been " plagued by irregularities . "
andres manuel lopez obrador , who election authorities projected as the runner-up in sunday 's presidential vote , said monday that he was awaiting the official election results , and prepared to contest them before judicial authorities if they did n't turn out in his favor .
" the election was plagued by irregularities before , during and after the process , " said lopez obrador .
the democratic revolution party candidate 's declarations echoed comments he made in 2006 , when election authorities said the leftist candidate narrowly lost the presidential race to felipe calderon .
lopez obrador claimed election fraud and never conceded , referring to himself afterward as " the legitimate president of mexico . "
his supporters protested nationwide .
on monday , lopez obrador called on his supporters to wait for the official results .
the federal election institute 's verification of individual poll results begins wednesday .
earlier , peña nieto , who election authorities projected as the winner of sunday 's presidential vote , told cnn en español he was ready to work across party lines to build a better mexico .
" we have to be constructive and put aside our differences , which are only for competitions and electoral contests , " peña nieto said monday .
" yesterday i indicated that ( after ) this tense and divisive atmosphere , which is natural in all democratic contests , we have to turn the page and move on to enter another chapter , another moment in our political lives , with a willingness and spirit that are constructive and purposeful . "
firth , with his co-stars geoffrey rush and helena bonham carter , joins morgan tonight at 9 to talk about their movie , which leads the oscar race and has dominated the awards shows so far .
when morgan asked firth to describe rush , the actor said , " i would describe him as my geisha girl . "
geoffrey rush appeared via satellite from australia .
firth also called rush " one of the most thrilling actors i 've ever worked with .
and i 've seen him be howlingly funny and absolutely heartbreaking .
he 's got the whole spectrum covered . "
" and we do tend to refer to each other as abelard and eloise or thelma and louise . "
firth talked about playing king george vi .
the actor called it an " athletic feat just to get to the end of a sentence " for the king .
( cnn ) -- we 've all done things in our past we might prefer the general public not talk about , but only the lucky few get to be the targets of whole industries dedicated to digging those things up .
targets like celebrities .
politicians .
and apparently ceos , that is if the abrupt resignation of mozilla 's new chief brendan eich is any indication .
for many , the story of eich -- who stepped down this week amid criticism of his contribution to a 2008 initiative to ban same-sex marriage -- is one of freedom of speech trampled by the intolerant .
do n't get me wrong ; to paraphrase voltaire , i disagree with eich 's views on marriage equality but will defend to the death his first amendment right to express them .
to me , eich 's case is about the power of information , and how -- with technology , 24-hour news and social media - - everyone 's past is just a hashtag away from being the present .
sometimes this is a good thing for the public , like the digging up of david duke 's kkk past as he attempted to climb the political ladder .
sometimes the information is significant , but used mainly to score points against a political opponent , as in the gop 's escalation of the bill clinton-monica lewinsky saga .
new york ( cnn ) -- more than 80 michael jackson collectibles -- including the late pop star 's famous rhinestone-studded glove from a 1983 performance -- were auctioned off saturday , reaping a total $ 2 million .
profits from the auction at the hard rock cafe in new york 's times square crushed pre-sale expectations of only $ 120,000 in sales .
the highly prized memorabilia , which included items spanning the many stages of jackson 's career , came from more than 30 fans , associates and family members , who contacted julien 's auctions to sell their gifts and mementos of the singer .
jackson 's flashy glove was the big-ticket item of the night , fetching $ 420,000 from a buyer in hong kong , china .
jackson wore the glove at a 1983 performance during " motown 25 , " an nbc special where he debuted his revolutionary moonwalk .
fellow motown star walter " clyde " orange of the commodores , who also performed in the special 26 years ago , said he asked for jackson 's autograph at the time , but jackson gave him the glove instead .
" the legacy that [ jackson ] left behind is bigger than life for me , " orange said .
" i hope that through that glove people can see what he was trying to say in his music and what he said in his music . "
orange said he plans to give a portion of the proceeds to charity .
hoffman ma , who bought the glove on behalf of ponte 16 resort in macau , paid a 25 percent buyer 's premium , which was tacked onto all final sales over $ 50,000 .
winners of items less than $ 50,000 paid a 20 percent premium .
after record-setting olympics athlete stella walsh died in 1980 , it was revealed that she had indeed been a man .
and i 'm not talking about people who live this way out of personal preference , or those who dress up for theater and entertainment .
here are just five examples .
cross-dressing to join the army until recently , women have rarely been allowed to serve as soldiers .
so what was a gal to do if she wanted to serve her country ?
naturally , disguise herself as a man and join the troops .
at least 400 civil war soldiers were women in drag .
these included union army soldier " frank thompson " ( also known as sarah edmonds ) , whose small frame and feminine mannerisms ( rather than causing suspicion ) made her an ideal spy , as she could spy on the confederates disguised as ... a woman !
she was n't the first woman to don a male disguise and join the army , though .
during the revolutionary war , women fought as men on both sides .
hannah snell , for example , joined the british army to find her husband , who had walked out on her to enlist .
mental floss : the confederacy 's plan to conquer latin america 2 .
cross-dressing to keep a royal family together
( cnn ) it was a story that sounded like something out of a horror film : two young brothers strangled by a 100-pound snake that came crashing through the ceiling as they slept .
but this was no work of fiction .
though deemed a tragic accident from the outset , the incident nevertheless remained under investigation , and on thursday , 18 months later , the royal canadian mounted police announced that it had " arrested an individual in connection with the deaths of noah and connor barthe of campbellton , ( new brunswick ) . "
leslie matchim , an attorney for savoie , confirmed that his client was the one arrested .
" it remains to be seen if there will be charges , " matchim said on thursday .
a call and email to the crown prosecutor 's office was not immediately returned .
savoie was arrested in montreal , where he has since relocated , some 500 miles away from his reptile ocean pet store , according to matchim .
he remained in custody there thursday night .
according to cbc , the african rock python was kept in a glass enclosure similar to an aquarium , but on the night of the sleepover it slithered into the ventilation system .
it was above the living room , where connor , 6 , and noah , 4 , were sleeping , when the ceiling caved in .
autopsy results revealed that the boys died from asphyxiation .
the 71-year-old ex-police officer accused of shooting dead a man inside a florida movie theater wo n't get the chance to go home -- at least for now -- after a judge friday decided not to grant him bail .
judge pat siracusa made his decision after two days of wrenching , evocative , at times seemingly contradictory testimony inside a dade city , florida , courtroom .
" the state did , in fact , meet their standard , " siracusa said of prosecutors argument that curtis reeves should n't be allowed to post bond .
he will remain in custody . "
reeves ' lawyer signaled his intention to appeal a decision that -- while not unexpected , given this is a homicide case -- he believes is unwarranted .
the attorney , richard escobar , said that he 's optimistic about not only the appeal on bail , but that a jury of six citizens will side with his client .
" mr. reeves is truly an innocent man , " escobar told reporters .
" and we look forward to proving that at a jury trial at some point . "
the widow of the man that reeves killed , meanwhile , applauded siracusa 's decision .
... i have no doubt in my mind that it was the right decision . "
no threats before shooting , widow says was it self-defense or an overreaction ?
as siracusa took pains to point out , his opting not to grant bail has nothing to do with his or others assessment of reeves ' guilt or innocence .
( cnn ) -- from cyberspace to college campuses , many young conservatives are worried that sen. john mccain is not appealing to their generation .
sen. john mccain says he knows how important young voters are .
many young republicans said sen. barack obama , the 46-year-old junior senator from illinois , is inspiring voters their age , but mccain , the 71-year-old arizona senator who has been in office since the early '80s , is not .
eric perlmutter , a republican and student at the at the university of southern california , said the roaring enthusiasm that follows obama is missing among conservatives his age .
" we try to get people out to our college republican meetings , but ... we ca n't seem to draw the same kind of vocal support , " he said .
at the july town hall meeting in portsmouth , ohio , mccain said he knows that he has " a lot of work to do " with the younger voters .
the senator said he needs young conservatives to help spread his message for him , because " there 's nothing that convinces young people like other young people . "
mccain also acknowledged the importance of using the internet to reach out to a generation that stays in touch via social networking sites .
on myspace , obama has more than 427,000 friends , compared with fewer than 60,000 for mccain .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- michael jackson and dr. conrad murray tried to recruit an anesthesiologist to join them on his comeback tour , according to testimony in the aeg live wrongful death trial .
murray arranged the meeting in march 2009 in which jackson asked dr. david adams to travel with him to london , adams testified .
adams said that after he offered to take the job for $ 100,000 a month guaranteed for three years , murray stopped communicating with him .
" and no response . "
just weeks later murray accepted an offer from an aeg live executive to be jackson 's personal physician on his " this is it " tour for $ 150,000 a month .
debbie rowe : paris jackson ' has no life ' since father 's death jurors in the trial of jackson 's last concert promoter viewed the video depositions of adams and two other witnesses wednesday ahead of a six-day break in testimony .
jackson 's mother and children are suing aeg live , contending the company 's executives negligently hired , retained or supervised murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in jackson 's propofol overdose death .
aeg live 's lawyers argue it was jackson -- not its executives -- who chose and controlled murray and that they had no way of knowing about the dangerous treatments he was giving the singer in the privacy of his bedroom .
( cnn ) -- a 32-year-old man downed dozens of roaches and worms to win a python at a florida reptile store , then collapsed and died outside minutes later .
edward archbold was among 20 to 30 contestants participating in friday night 's " midnight madness " event at ben siegel reptiles in deerfield beach , authorities said .
the participants ' goal : consume as many insects and worms as they could to take home a $ 850 python .
while the store did n't say exactly how many archbold consumed , the owner told cnn affiliate wplg that he was " the life of the party . "
" he really made our night more fun , " ben siegel told the station .
soon after the contest was over , archbold fell ill and began to vomit , the broward county sheriff 's office said monday .
then , archbold himself dialed 911 , the store said in a facebook post .
the broward medical examiner 's office conducted an autopsy and are awaiting test results to determine the cause of his death .
" very saddened by this .
i mean , it was a shock , " siegel told wplg .
" eddie was a very nice guy .
we just met him that night , but everybody that works here was very fond of him . "
luke lirot , who says he is legally representing the store , said in a post on the store 's facebook page that all participants " signed thorough waivers accepting responsibility for their participation in this unique and unorthodox contest . "
( cnn ) -- south african pair louis oosthuizen and charl schwartzel put their augusta disappointments behind them to impress in the opening round of the malaysian open thursday .
schwartzel finished 18 shots off the pace in his defense of the u.s. masters crown , handing over the green jacket to bubba watson , who beat oosthuizen in a dramatic playoff sunday .
shrugging off jet lag after a 30-hour journey from georgia to kuala lumpur , schwartzel powered to an eight-under 64 to claim the first day lead .
oosthuizen , so close to winning a second major title until denied by watson 's brilliance , produced an excellent 66 to be tied for third .
" louis is playing so well right that it is impressive to watch and helped me on , " he added .
oosthuizen conjured up six birdies and an eagle to continue the fine form he displayed in the first major of the season .
" it was a long haul getting here , " he said .
" i think me and charl knew the first round , concentration levels wo n't be great , but we did well .
" i knew the swing was still good .
it was just adapting to the weather and the green speed , but i putted beautifully again today and hope to keep it going for the week . "
sixth seed del potro had stunned new world no. 1 rafael nadal in the semifinals , but could not repeat these heroics despite forcing a third set .
neither player could gain the crucial break of service in the decider , but djokovic opened up 2-0 and 4-2 leads in the tie-break and won the title with a backhand winner down the line after two hours 33 minutes .
it was his seventh of the season and came hard on the heels of winning the china open last week where he beat nadal in the final .
he paid tribute to del potro after his latest triumph .
" he 's a fantastic player and a great person , " djokovic told the official atp tour website .
" all the way up to the last point , i did n't know if i was going to win the match .
the 26-year-old was winning his 20th straight match on chinese soil and he improved to 62-9 for the season .
reggie hilaire was a rookie cop on september 11 , 2001 .
he worked at ground zero for 11 days beside his colleagues -- many of them , including hilaire , not wearing a mask .
he was later assigned to a landfill in staten island , where debris from the world trade center was dumped .
for about 60 days between 2001 and 2002 , the new york police officer was surrounded by dust .
he underwent surgery and radiation .
just months later his doctor told him he also had multiple myeloma , a blood cancer that multiplies the body 's plasma cells to dangerous levels .
it 's a cancer that usually strikes much later in life .
hilaire was 34 .
more than 1,100 people who worked or lived near the world trade center on 9/11 have been diagnosed with cancer , according to the centers for disease control and prevention .
a few months ago hilaire received a letter from the cdc 's national institute for occupational safety and health , officially offering him medical insurance under the world trade center health program .
these are the first numbers released since the program was expanded a year ago .
in september 2012 , federal health authorities added 58 types of cancer to the list of covered illnesses for people who were exposed to toxins at the site of the world trade center in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks .
dr. john howard , administrator of the wtc health program , had said the year before that cancer treatments would not be covered by the compensation fund .
at the time , he said there was inadequate " published scientific and medical findings " to link 9/11 exposures to cancer .
( cnn ) -- chingaiz khan was an unknown quantity when he arrived for a junior weightlifting tournament in south waziristan nine years ago .
chaotic and intensely religious , the pakistani region is known by locals as " the most dangerous place in the world . "
the 12-year-old chingaiz , with his short , jet-black hair and smooth , unblemished skin , looked younger than the other boys .
but , despite it being his first ever tournament , he was still stronger than everyone else .
for his father shams-ul wazir , a local college lecturer , the decision to register his son for the tournament paid off handsomely .
chingaiz was crowned the junior boys ' weightlifting champion , the first step on a journey that would take him into the world of professional sport .
except chingaiz was n't really his name .
chingaiz was actually called maria toor pakay .
chingaiz was a girl .
" she liked the name very much . "
girls and boys this is n't a story of deception , but rather a tale of necessity .
maria toor pakay is pakistan 's number one squash player , ranked 49th in the world .
she also comes from an ultra conservative region in pakistan that is home to the taliban .
female participation in any form of public life is strongly discouraged , by both words and deeds .
education , working , sports ; anything involving women leaving the house unaccompanied by a male relative was seen as the work of the devil .
teen athlete fled taliban stronghold to pursue dream
( cnn ) -- despite their public handshake on monday it appears there is still some way to go before tiger woods and sergio garcia bury the hatchet .
a long-running spat between the two golfers resurfaced after they shared a contentious round together at the players ' championship in may .
after several verbal volleys in either direction , garcia 's joke that he would invite woods round for " fried chicken " during the u.s open led to an immediate and unreserved apology from the spaniard , who denied it was racially motivated .
a statement from the world no. 1 on social networking site twitter called the remarks " wrong , hurtful and clearly inappropriate . "
the pair greeted each other on the practice range but the world no. 1 told a press conference on tuesday there had been no time for a formal apology .
asked if they had discussed garcia 's comments woods replied : " no , we did n't discuss anything .
just came up and said ' hi ' and that was it . "
woods was pressed by reporters as to whether the spaniard had offered him any form of apology but he said : " no , we have n't had time for that .
" it 's already done .
we 've already gone through it all .
it 's time for the u.s. open and we tee it up in two days . "
kevin kuranyi and jan moravek scored in the second half to put schalke a point above third-placed bayern munich , who earlier crushed lowly bochum 5-1 to cap a memorable week .
bremen could also have closed to within a point of leverkusen , who were held 2-2 at bottom club hertha berlin on friday night , but ended the night two points adrift of bayern .
louis van gaal 's bayern , runners-up to wolfsburg last season , briefly reached their highest league position since he took over as coach in the summer as mario gomez continued his recent scoring run with the opening goal at bochum and strike partner ivica olic netted twice .
bayern , who crushed italian giants juventus 4-1 in midweek to qualify for the knockout stages of the champions league , moved to within two points of leaders bayer leverkusen , olic set up gomez 's 23rd-minute header for the opening goal , and mergim mavraj put through his own net 10 minutes later as the germany international tried to repay the favor to the croatian .
olic got on the scoresheet two minutes before halftime from bastian schweinsteiger 's cross and made it 4-0 four minutes after the break with a header from holger badstuber 's delivery .
of late , however , kinshasa has witnessed a resurgence , with many expatriated congolese returning to build a new city .
" when i came back , people thought i was crazy . "
[ they would ask ] , ' why would you go into a country where there is war ?
where nothing is working ?
why not stay in the states and make your life ? ' "
says joss ilunga dijimba , who returned to kinshasa in 1996 after studying in america .
" in the usa , everything has been done -- everything .
in congo , there is still a way to make things right .
i am a congolese .
if i 'm not going to make it , who 's going to ? "
in agreement is olivier ndombasi , who always planned on building his fortune in his homeland .
" it 's very exciting to be able to do things in a new environment , and do things you did n't think you 'd be able to do , " says ndombasi .
" the challenge is great , but it 's very exciting . "
( cnn ) -- north korea twice came back from behind to hold greece 2-2 in a friendly between two sides heading to the world cup next month , while fellow finalists paraguay lost 2-1 to the republic of ireland .
in a match played at a neutral venue in altach , austria , costas katsouranis gave greece the lead in the second minute with a close-range finish .
the koreans leveled when jong tae-se beat two players and fired a shot past goalkeeper michalis sifakis .
angelos charisteas came off the bench to put the greeks 2-1 in front shortly after half-time but , three minutes later , jong raced down the right flank , cut inside and slammed home his second .
in dublin , first-half goals from kevin doyle and liam lawrence helped ireland to victory over the south americans .
wolves striker doyle bundled the opener after paraguay forward roque santa cruz had headed against his own bar .
lawrence smashed home the second in the 39th minute following a chest down from doyle .
the paraguayans are in the same group as defending champions italy , new zealand and slovakia at the world cup .
( cnn ) -- amy poehler drew a standing ovation when she initiated an impromptu pageant during the outstanding lead actress in a comedy category at the 2011 emmy awards .
at the 2012 golden globes , tina fey made viewers do a double take , photo-bombing poehler as the nominees were announced for best actress in a tv comedy or musical .
the " parks and recreation " and " 30 rock " stars have been stealing the spotlight at awards shows as presenters and nominees for years .
as suzy byrne of yahoo! entertainment says , " it 's almost like they 've been practicing for this . "
" this " being their gig co-hosting the 70th golden globes , to air on nbc on january 13 .
the news , which broke monday evening , was met with such excitement from fans , celebrities and the media that many were left wondering , " seth mac-who ? "
it 's still considered a great get for the oscars , which have been fixated on attracting a younger demographic , but all anybody seems to care about is the fey/poehler globes .
tim brooks , an author , tv historian and former network executive , told the hollywood reporter of macfarlane 's appeal , " younger viewers probably know the name , but he 's not an a star . "
it should be noted , however , that macfarlane 's " ted " recently broke a box office record : the flick about a teddy bear that comes to life has surpassed " the hangover " as the highest-grossing non-sequel r-rated comedy worldwide .
meanwhile , brooks said of the globes pick , " tina fey is a good choice , particularly .
she 's appealing to younger and older viewers .
she 's accessible .
she 's not too trendy but trendy enough . "
( cnn ) -- novak djokovic fought like a true champion to extend his winning run to 36 matches this year as he reached the final of the rome masters at the expense of andy murray on saturday .
the serbian triumphed 6-1 3-6 7-6 ( 7-2 ) in a three-hour semifinal epic to set up another showdown with world no. 1 rafael nadal , a player he has beaten in three masters series title matches this season .
second-ranked djokovic ended the spaniard 's two-year unbeaten run on clay in the madrid final , but it remains to be seen whether he has enough energy in reserve to repeat that on sunday .
nadal had a much easier passage as he defeated french 16th seed richard gasquet 7-5 6-1 in 93 minutes , ending the run of a player who had earlier beaten his longtime rival roger federer and seventh seed tomas berdych .
djokovic 's dream year shows no sign of slowing djokovic had to dig deep as murray showed tremendous resolve after capitulating in the first set -- a showing that raised the prospect of a repeat of his australian open final defeat against the same player in january .
then students were running , and a teacher was lying still on a playground basketball court , hit by gunfire .
the 12-year-old wanted to help him , but a vice principal told him to run .
so mason moved toward the building -- and that 's when he saw jose reyes , a friend and a sparks middle school classmate , with a gun about 10 to 20 feet away .
" i looked at him .
i saw ( the gun ) , and he braced it and shot me in the stomach . "
authorities say mason was the last of three people that reyes , 12 , shot with a 9 mm handgun monday morning outside the school .
mason and another wounded student -- the first to be shot -- survived .
investigators say landsberry probably saved lives by walking toward the shooter -- giving others time to flee -- on the basketball court after the first student was shot in the shoulder .
mason , shot in the abdomen , was able to walk at the hospital thursday .
his mother , jenifer davis , said the bullet missed vital parts and exited behind his right hip .
the rapper-turned-actor has added a title to his résumé : filmmaker .
ice ( born tracy marrow ) recently sat down with cnn to answer some ireporter questions and discuss his new documentary , " something from nothing : the art of rap . "
the film explores the genre as art form and includes lots of big names in the music industry , including kanye west , nas , eminem and dr. dre .
when it came time to find voices for his project , ice did n't have to look far .
" i did the film by calling only my friends i had in my address book , " the rapper said .
" all my homies i 'd been in the business with over 20 years .
( i told them , ) ' i 'm just going to ask you questions , not about the money , the cars , the jewelry , the beef , but the craft . ' "
" at the end of my filming , i had 52 rappers shot .
i had 35 rappers waiting to be shot .
the court ruled that the evasiveness of the testimony the former baseball star gave to a grand jury investigating sales of performance-enhancing drugs was sufficient to convict him .
in an opinion filed by the u.s. ninth circuit court of appeals , judge mary m. schroeder said the three-judge panel rejected bonds ' contention that he could only have been indicted for obstruction if his testimony had been flatly false .
attorneys for bonds had argued that bonds ' statements to the grand jury were factually true , and that language in the federal statute under which he was charged is unconstitutionally vague .
the appeals court rejected that argument .
" they may therefore obstruct and impede the administration of justice within the meaning of the federal criminal statute . "
the testimony that led to bonds ' conviction came when a grand jury prosecutor asked bonds whether anderson ever gave him " anything that required a syringe to inject yourself with . "
bonds told the grand jury that only his personal doctors " ever touch me , " and he then veered off the subject to say he never talked baseball with anderson .
( cnn ) -- dealing with merion is turning out to be tough enough .
woods revealed that he hurt his left arm while winning the players championship last month , which would explain why he grimaced noticeably on several occasions in the first round .
asked to provide more details about injury , woods did n't elaborate .
" well , it is what it is , " woods said .
woods is bidding to win his 15th major but first since 2008 at the u.s. open at torrey pines .
back then he had to deal with seemingly a more serious injury -- a broken leg .
storms caused delays of more than four hours thursday -- woods had to complete his first round friday -- and play was eventually suspended due to darkness .
woods , rory mcilroy and masters winner adam scott made for a dream pairing and while scott struggled , woods and mcilroy -- the second-ranked golfer -- fared better .
seen chatting amicably during the round , the duo compiled identical scores in the first two rounds .
beginning at the 11th hole , woods birdied the 13th for a good start .
two bogeys , however , on the 14th and 18th , meant he had work to do on the first nine .
( cnn ) -- venezuela 's top election official said thursday that authorities will complete a 100 % audit of votes cast in sunday 's presidential election .
officials had already audited 54 % of ballot boxes , and now will audit the remaining 46 % , she said .
read more : why venezuela is so divided the decision comes after opposition candidate henrique capriles radonski filed complaints with election officials about thousands of alleged violations during sunday 's vote .
" the electoral power is making this decision in order to preserve a climate of harmony between venezuelans , but also to isolate violent sectors that are irresponsibly trying to harm democracy , " lucena said .
" i want to congratulate our people , because this was your fight , " capriles said late thursday .
earlier this week , lucena certified the election results and declared nicolas maduro president-elect , despite capriles ' calls for a vote-by-vote recount .
maduro secured 50.8 % of votes in sunday 's election , while capriles won 49 % , election officials said earlier this week .
it was unclear late thursday whether the audit would impact plans for his inauguration .
the audit will take about 30 days and will involve comparing results from voting machines with printed reports and registries containing voters ' signatures , venezuelan constitutional lawyer jose vicente haro told cnn en espaã ± ol .
denver , colorado ( cnn ) -- serving time for lesser crimes , scott kimball is leading investigators to bodies .
partly mummified bones thought to be those of his uncle , terry kimball , were discovered monday in a remote rocky mountain pass near vail , colorado .
dna tests are pending to confirm the victim 's identity , and the cause of death is pending a forensic examination , authorities said .
terry kimball is one of several suspected homicide victims associated with scott kimball since his jailing in 2008 .
he is serving a 48-year sentence in state prison in fairplay , colorado , on theft and habitual criminal convictions .
kimball will also serve a 70-month federal sentence on firearms charges after the state sentence .
the firearms charges led to kimball 's 18th conviction .
authorities wanted to give victims ' families resolution .
without his cooperation , authorities doubt they have enough evidence to convict him .
earlier this year , kimball revealed where the remains thought to be his uncle 's were , according to law enforcement sources close to the case .
however , the search was delayed until snow had melted .
the fbi would not confirm that kimball , 42 , identified the site .
however , fbi spokeswoman kathleen wright said , " we went to ( a ) specific location for a specific reason .
it was n't random . "
tripoli , libya ( cnn ) -- libya 's transitional government picked an engineering professor and longtime exile as its acting prime minister monday , with the new leader pledging to respect human rights and international law .
el-keib emerged victorious from a field that initially included 10 candidates .
" this is a new libya , " el-keib told reporters .
" it 's been 42 years with our friends and people all around the world dealing with a brutal dictator , so concerns are in order , but i want to tell you there should be none of those .
" we expect the world to understand that we have national interests as well , and we expect them to respect this , " he said .
" in fact , we demand respect of our national rights and national interests .
in return , we promise respect and dealing according to international law . "
but in response to questions about allegations of human rights abuses by the revolutionary forces that toppled longtime strongman moammar ggadhafi , el-keib said libyans needed time to sort things out .
" i also need to remind myself that the libyan revolution ended just recently in bani walid , sirte , and in tripoli only about two months ago , " he said .
" we beg you , the media , to give us the opportunity and the time to think through all the issues that have been raised by yourself as well as other arab media .
but we guarantee you that we are after building a nation that respects human rights and that does not permit abuse of human rights , but we need time . "
( cnn ) -- chris froome retained the yellow jersey on a day of toil and trouble as ireland 's dan martin won the ninth stage of the tour de france .
sky team rider froome , who has a one minute and 25 second lead over his closest challenger , was forced to battle on his own as his teammates failed to give him adequate protection .
richie porte lost his grip on second place overall after finishing more than 17 minutes adrift , while vasili kiryienka was swept up by a broom wagon and is unlikely to feature in the remainder of the tour .
there was also misery for peter kennaugh , who suffered bruising after falling from his bike -- an incident which left froome wide open to attack on all fronts .
" this was one of the hardest days i have ever had on the bike , " froome told reporters .
i am really happy i have come through today .
i was completely on my own , i had ( sporting director ) nicolas portal in the car telling me not to worry . "
martin , the nephew of great irish cyclist stephen roche , won the long descent to bagneres-de-bigorre with froome following home 20 seconds later in a pack which included rivals alejandro valverde and alberto contador .
team sky principal dave brailsford revealed his surprise at seeing his team struggle with porte 's failure particularly difficult for him to comprehend .
" that was a bit of a surprise , it is not often we 've seen richie have a day like that , " brailsford said .
( cnn ) -- juan martin del potro became the third man in the history of the estoril open to successfully defend his title after beating france 's richard gasquet in the final 6-4 , 6-2 sunday .
the argentine started strongly , breaking gasquet 's serve to love in the very first game before capitalizing on the frenchman 's unforced errors .
the second set started much like the first with del potro breaking gasquet and polishing off the final in just 88 minutes .
" i felt i played well , really well , today , " del potro told the atp 's official website .
gasquet was gracious in defeat .
" he played very well , he 's very powerful , has a great a service , a great forehand and backhand , " he conceded .
( in other finals ) i lost five times to djokovic , federer , now del potro .
meanwhile philipp kohlschreiber won munich 's atp tournament on home soil after beating croatia 's marin cilic in straight sets 7-6 ( 10/8 ) , 6-3 .
( cnn ) -- roger federer may have given up his no. 1 ranking , but the swiss tennis star 's grip on end-of-season supremacy is showing no signs of loosening .
federer marched into the semifinals of the $ 5.5 million atp world tour finals on thursday , beating in-form spaniard david ferrer 6-4 7-6 ( 7-5 ) for his second successive straight-sets win in group b.
the 31-year-old has not lost at the eight-man london showpiece since 2009 , and has now won 70 matches this year -- a feat he had not achieved since 2006 when he was at the peak of his powers .
" this is a very special tournament in many ways , " said federer , who has reached the last four in 10 of his 11 appearances .
" it 's always been the tournament i wanted to be part of when i started playing at the beginning of the year , many years now .
i had breakthrough results at this event .
i learned a lot .
" i 've loved everywhere i 've played over the years at the world tour finals .
but i think this one is obviously special , because it 's in london and the o2 is an amazing venue .
i 'm happy it 's going to stay here for the next few years . "
the 17-time grand slam champion relinquished the year-end top spot to novak djokovic when he decided not to defend his paris title last week , having pushed his record tally to 302 weeks at the top .
fifth-ranked ferrer took advantage of a weakened field and shock defeats for djokovic and no. 3 andy murray by winning his first masters level tournament , following up his title in valencia .
london , england ( cnn ) -- it was anabella de león 's frail 86-year-old mother who answered the door when the men came knocking .
" they told her , ' say to anabella that we are going to kill her very soon , ' " de león told cnn .
the visit left her mother crying , anxious and shocked .
congresswoman anabella de leon with her husband in london for a performance of " seven " by vital voices .
that was four months ago .
no attempt on her life has been made , de león said , but she still looks over her shoulder , takes alternative routes in her car , constantly checking that she 's not being followed .
anabella de león is not well known outside guatemala .
within the central american country though , she has made headlines as an outspoken critic of corruption .
she 's serving her fourth term in congress as a member of the patriotic party , which last weekend elected her to one of its top posts of third national secretary .
the death threats are not new .
since 2002 , she 's been protected by at least one security guard on request from the inter-american commission on human rights .
her 26-year-old son is also shadowed by a security guard ; a precautionary move in response to earlier threats connected to de león 's anti-corruption efforts .
" the fight against corruption does n't give you friends , " she said . "
[ it ] gives you enemies , important and dangerous enemies , " she told cnn during a recent trip to london for a performance of the play " seven , " which profiles de león and six other international female leaders .
( cnn ) -- she 's only 23 , but deepika padukone is already living a life millions would envy .
from calendar model to bollywood big-time : deepika padukone .
the model-turned-actress was spotted in a music video and then cast in one of the biggest grossing films in bollywood history .
she still only has three movies under her belt , but star status has already been bestowed upon her .
with no family connections to the film industry and not being from mumbai , padukone traveled a route to movie stardom millions could only dream of .
after deciding to become a model at the age of 16 , she was picked out of a music video by acclaimed director farah khan and cast in her next film opposite shahrukh khan .
" om shanti om " went on to become not only a hit in india , but also gained wider acclaim among western audiences .
" i completely did n't expect it .
shahrukh is someone who i 've grown up watching , and i did n't think that i deserve being a part of such a huge film .
it 's only later , when i met shahrukh and when things actually started happening , when i realized that this is for real , " she told cnn .
despite her meteoric rise to fame and work on some big budget films she believes she 's learning the job of being an a-list bollywood actress .
" i had great debut , a successful film , but after that ... i would think it 's quite difficult to choose the right film .
( cnn ) -- the united states does not know where ousted libyan leader moammar gadhafi is and does not believe the national transitional council has a lock on his whereabouts either , a senior u.s. official told cnn thursday .
al-sharif did not divulge a location .
u.s. defense secretary leon panetta said earlier this week that officials believe gadhafi is on the run .
" i do n't have any information as to exactly where he 's located , " he said .
two libyan convoys passed through niger this week , officials in that country said .
initial speculation was that gadhafi was in one of those groups , but on thursday a second senior u.s. official said the united states now has a list of officials from libya who were in both convoys .
there were " no marquee names , " or anyone who was named in u.n. security council resolutions , the second source said .
the official would not say who was in the convoys but said gadhafi 's security chief was not among them , refuting reports that said he left in the convoy .
the nigerien government is talking to the ntc about what the new libyan leadership wants to do with those in the convoy but the ntc has n't decided whether it 's worth it to bring them back , the source said .
libyans are leading the search for gadhafi .
the central intelligence agency has agents in the area , and the united kingdom , france , jordan and qater have special forces in the country as well , nato and u.s. defense officials tell cnn .
however , the mission of those agents is not necessarily focused on hunting for gadhafi .
( cnn ) -- north korea twice came back from behind to hold greece 2-2 in a friendly between two sides heading to the world cup next month , while fellow finalists paraguay lost 2-1 to the republic of ireland .
in a match played at a neutral venue in altach , austria , costas katsouranis gave greece the lead in the second minute with a close-range finish .
angelos charisteas came off the bench to put the greeks 2-1 in front shortly after half-time but , three minutes later , jong raced down the right flank , cut inside and slammed home his second .
greece substitute goalkeeper alexandros tzorvas had to be at his sharpest to keep out a powerful shot from cha jong-hyok that could have won the game for the asian side .
in dublin , first-half goals from kevin doyle and liam lawrence helped ireland to victory over the south americans .
wolves striker doyle bundled the opener after paraguay forward roque santa cruz had headed against his own bar .
lawrence smashed home the second in the 39th minute following a chest down from doyle .
lucas barrios pulled a goal back on his paraguay debut but giovanni trapattoni 's men held on for victory .
the paraguayans are in the same group as defending champions italy , new zealand and slovakia at the world cup .
elsewhere , there were disappointing results for two of the african qualifiers as cameroon drew 0-0 with georgia and nigeria tied 0-0 with saudi arabia .
( cnn ) -- ringo starr walks into the hotel suite at the beverly hills hotel carrying a brown paper bag .
it 's his sack lunch , and he 's packed it himself .
he 's also driven himself to the hotel and arrived alone -- no entourage , no bodyguard , no assistant , no fuss .
it 's fitting that cnn 's interview with the iconic music star is taking place at an iconic hotel , which is like a second home to the former beatle .
looking at least a decade younger than his 71 years , starr settles into the corner of a couch and talks about celebrity then vs. celebrity now -- this from the perspective of a man who has been famous for nearly 50 years .
" i feel like it 's harder now for the celebrities , " he tells cnn entertainment correspondent kareen wynter .
" there was no one bigger than us , and we were put upon .
the celebrity of today is so documented that i think it 's a lot harder now .
we had it easy .
in 2012 , his star has n't waned .
it has just taken on a comfortable glow .
as one of two surviving beatles , people are treating him like a living treasure -- and these days , he and paul mccartney seem to be treasuring each other .
starr remains touched that macca showed up at his 70th birthday party at radio city music hall .
( cnn ) -- at first glance , they could almost pass for masterpieces by monet or renoir .
but these impressionist-style paintings -- which are changing hands for thousands of dollars -- were painted by a five-year-old girl who is unable to speak .
meet iris halmshaw , an autistic child from leicestershire , uk , who has been producing these striking artworks since she was three .
she has autism , a condition that has made her unable to communicate except through the medium of art .
" from the first painting , she filled the paper with color and it was n't random -- it was considered and thought out , " says her mother , arabella carter-johnson .
" she was so excited and happy i knew that we had found a key into her world and a way of interacting with her . "
" we researched it ourselves , " her mother recalls , " but as parents , you are always hoping that there was some other explanation . "
not to be deterred , the couple embarked on " long nights of research " , which led them to the idea of art therapy .
the little girl picked up painting techniques astonishingly quickly , and before long was spending much time at work on her canvases .
specter died of complications from non-hodgkin 's lymphoma at his home in philadelphia , his family said .
he was 82 .
the veteran pennsylvania politician had overcome numerous serious illnesses over the past two decades , including a brain tumor .
specter was elected to the senate in 1980 and represented pennsylvania for 30 years , longer than anyone in the state 's history .
and his name is synonymous with pennsylvania , an idiosyncratic state that pushes and pulls between the two parties , and his home , the staunchly democratic city of philadelphia .
in 2006 , philadelphia magazine called him " one of the few true wild cards of washington politics ... reviled by those on both the right and the left . "
" charming and churlish , brilliant and pedantic , he can be fiercely independent , entertainingly eccentric and simply maddening , " the profile read .
former gov. ed rendell , a democrat , called specter " a mentor , colleague and a political institution " who " did more for the people of pennsylvania over his more than 30-year career with the possible exception of benjamin franklin . "
and pat toomey , the republican who now holds specter 's old senate seat , praised him as " a man of sharp intelligence and dogged determination . "
new york ( cnn ) -- a self-described " ex-madam " who claims she supplied fellow city comptroller candidate eliot spitzer with escorts several years ago is facing charges of illegally distributing prescription drugs , authorities said .
kristin davis , 38 , was arrested on monday night and charged with selling adderall , xanax and other drugs .
she 's also accused of orchestrating the sale of approximately 180 oxycodone pills for cash .
the candidate was released tuesday on $ 100,000 bail , with a preliminary hearing scheduled for september 5 .
prosecutors said she will have strict pretrial supervision .
" prescription drug abuse is the fastest-growing drug problem in this country , resulting in more overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined , and this office has a zero tolerance policy towards anyone who helps to spread this plague at any level , " preet bharara , manhattan u.s. attorney , said in a statement .
spitzer , weiner and why new york is talking about sex davis is charged with four counts of distributing and possessing with intent to distribute a controlled substance .
she faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count , if convicted .
prosecutors allege that from 2009 through 2011 davis bought ecstasy pills , adderall pills and xanax pills from an fbi cooperating witness at least once a month , paying hundreds of dollars for each purchase .
she told the witness she provided these drugs to people at house parties , authorities say .
an attorney for davis was could not be immediately reached for comment .
davis ' campaign manager , andrew miller , said he was aware of the arrest but could n't provide any information .
( cnn ) -- a mexican man who was allegedly killed on orders from his own cartel believed they were hunting for him after he began working as an informant and was fearful for his life , according to court documents .
police say soldier michael jackson apodaca , 18 , acted as the gunman .
jose daniel gonzalez galeana began to worry after he began working as an informant for immigration officials in the united states .
" the victim was concerned for his own well-being and the safety of his family , " the documents said , referencing statements the victim made to a witness .
when immigration and customs enforcement officials gave gonzalez a visa so he could live in el paso , texas , his fellow juarez cartel members began to get suspicious , el paso police chief greg allen said at a press conference .
allen said gonzalez 's exit from mexico , combined with a raid on a cartel warehouse and the arrest of cartel lieutenant pedro " el tigre " aranas sanchez led cartel members to believe he might be working as an informant , allen said .
then , a mexican newspaper named gonzalez as an informant in the arrest of the high-ranking cartel member , according to court documents .
police say gonzales quickly became the target of his own cartel .
police said gonzalez knew if his fellow cartel members found him , he would likely be killed , police said .
on may 15 , the cartel found him .
he was shot eight times outside his home in el paso , texas , police said .
pfc. michael jackson apodaca , 18 , ruben rodriguez dorado , 30 , and christopher andrew duran , 17 , were each named as suspects monday and each are facing one count of capital murder .
the three men are being held on $ 1 million bond .
omoa , honduras ( cnn ) alexis gonzález walks slowly and with some hesitation , using the outside wall of his house for balance .
" i 'm getting used to the prosthesis , " the 16-year-old says .
he tries to smile , but an expression of sadness quickly returns to his face .
when he was 15 , gonzález made a decision that would forever change his life -- to leave omoa , an impoverished village in honduras -- with dreams of getting to the united states .
his mother was singlehandedly raising nine children , working odd jobs in restaurants and the nearby fields .
they lived in a single room , an adobe house with dirt floors built on a steep and muddy hill .
chickens being raised for food roamed around the structure .
gonzález says his father left the family when he was little boy .
when gonzalez left in january 2014 , he did n't ask his mother for permission .
he only left a letter telling her about his plans .
" when he left i went looking for him everywhere . "
she even went to corinto on the honduras-guatemala border to ask authorities if they had seen him , she says .
gonzález says he traveled by land through honduras and guatemala with a teenage cousin .
they took the bus and also walked and hitch-hiked in some places .
boston ( cnn ) it was 9:35 on a slow thursday night in april 2013 and massachusetts institute of technology police chief john difava was about to call it quits .
he stopped to say goodnight .
" i chatted with him for a few minutes .
i told him to be safe and i left , " the chief told a crowded courtroom on wednesday .
" did you ever see sean collier alive again after that ? "
assistant u.s. attorney william weinreb asked .
less than an hour later , collier lay bleeding in his patrol car after being ambushed and shot in the head .
difava and other officers , assisted by surveillance videos , 911 callers and a lone bicyclist who happened to be passing by , recounted collier 's last moments in the death penalty trial of admitted boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev .
the bicyclist , mit mathematics ph.d. candidate nathan harman , pointed to tsarnaev in court and identified him as the man with " a big nose , " who he saw leaning into collier 's squad car .
he said tsarnaev appeared to be alone .
tsarnaev , who was 19 at the time , does not dispute that he was present when collier was killed on the evening of april 18 , nor does he deny that he participated in the bombings three days earlier that killed three people and hurt more than 240 others .
stephen colbert el dos rips the prize away from mozart in the weekly competition .
in the online doggie beauty pageant , the canine steven colbert el dos won the latest weekly semifinal , which enables him to compete for a $ 1 million grand prize .
colbert el dos from georgia beat mozart , or momo as he 's known to his family and friends in new orleans , louisiana , to win cutest dog of the week .
said piano teacher cara mccool , momo 's owner .
her charities included : redeemer presbyterian disaster relief , desire street ministries , louisiana teachers save our students fund , cavalier rescue usa , musical arts society of new orleans , the louisiana spca , and teach for america .
colbert el dos ' winnings are pledged to attract a stork to his owners ' house .
the owners , bryan and his wife , allyson , are newlyweds and are hoping to use the prize money for in vitro fertilization treatments to start a family .
colbert el dos ' owners asked not to have their last names published to protect their privacy .
new york ( cnn ) -- a self-described " ex-madam " who claims she supplied fellow city comptroller candidate eliot spitzer with escorts several years ago is facing charges of illegally distributing prescription drugs , authorities said .
kristin davis , 38 , was arrested on monday night and charged with selling adderall , xanax and other drugs .
she 's also accused of orchestrating the sale of approximately 180 oxycodone pills for cash .
prosecutors said she will have strict pretrial supervision .
" prescription drug abuse is the fastest-growing drug problem in this country , resulting in more overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined , and this office has a zero tolerance policy towards anyone who helps to spread this plague at any level , " preet bharara , manhattan u.s. attorney , said in a statement .
spitzer , weiner and why new york is talking about sex davis is charged with four counts of distributing and possessing with intent to distribute a controlled substance .
she faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count , if convicted .
an attorney for davis was could not be immediately reached for comment .
davis ' campaign manager , andrew miller , said he was aware of the arrest but could n't provide any information .
( cnn ) -- david cameron must have whiplash .
british lawmakers voted thursday night against even the possibility of using force against syria , forcing cameron to concede bluntly , " we will not be taking part in military action . "
what do syria 's neighbors think ?
british media said it had n't happened in hundreds of years .
but although the result was stunning in one sense , in another it was n't surprising .
over more than seven hours of debate on syria loomed one chilling specter : iraq .
bergen : syria is a problem from hell for the u.s. britain feels badly burned by the way tony blair led the country into war there a decade ago , and cameron was fighting a defensive battle against the memory of blair from the moment he kicked off debate in the house of commons : " i 'm deeply mindful of the lessons of previous conflicts , in particular the deep concerns of the country of what went wrong in iraq .
we 're not invading a country ; we 're not searching for chemical weapons . "
it 's an argument he needed to make .
why russia , china , and iran are standing by syria
( cnn ) -- kanye west wants his listeners to know that he is " a close high " to god .
his latest album , " yeezus , " released tuesday , offered several controversial track titles , including " new slaves , " " black skinhead " and the most audacious , " i am a god . "
the song closes with the verses , " i just talked to jesus/he said , ' what up , yeezus ? '
/ i said " s *** i 'm chilling/trying to stack these millions ' / i know he 's the most high , but i am a close high . "
some say the outspoken west is downright delusional , but monica miller , author of " religion and hip hop , " thinks otherwise .
the rap star 's god-absorbed lyrics are a referral to his high status in the music industry , not a statement of religious beliefs , said miller , an assistant professor of religious studies at lewis & clark college in portland , oregon .
but pastor c. andre grier of lithonia , georgia 's union missionary baptist church , believes west has been wrong from the get-go .
religious people " should want to be like christ ( in a humble way ) , follow him , but any reference to equality means that you are wrong from the very beginning . "
dhanusha , nepal ( cnn ) at kathmandu 's tribhuvan international airport , hundreds of migrant workers line up daily at the immigration counters , clutching newly printed passports and boarding passes .
many of them , though , are clueless as to where they 're headed .
as a frequent traveler to the country , i 've been approached many times by these men , asking me to help fill out their departure forms .
usually , when i ask what country they 're traveling to , i get the same answer : " i 'm not sure . "
they seem weary and lost but still hopeful that they can make their lives better .
this time , however , i 'm at the airport to follow up on the repatriation of the most unfortunate of these migrant workers -- far too many of them make the return journey in caskets .
almost every day , the remains of three or four workers arrive back in nepal from the middle east , according to bhola prasad siwakoti , the secretary of the nepalese ministry of labor and manpower .
every other day , at least one dead body arrives from qatar , he said .
" nepali migrant workers have the lowest per capita income in qatar , " says suryanath mishra , who served as ambassador to qatar from 2007 to 2012 .
" they get exploited the most out of all the migrant workers . "
he cites lack of education and technical skills as the main causes .
the 38-year old was his family 's breadwinner and the father of five children .
his younger brother , bishun , is at the airport to receive the body .
he also works in qatar and is in nepal on leave .
london , england ( cnn ) -- former bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic finally took the stand monday at the u.n. 's international tribunal at the hague to defend himself against genocide charges stemming from the 1992-1995 bosnian conflict .
karadzic , who faces 11 charges of war crimes , crimes against humanity , and genocide during the war , told the tribunal the serb cause is " just and holy , " and dismissed as myths two of the worst atrocities of a conflict that claimed 100,000 lives -- the three-year siege of sarajevo and the srebrenica massacre in 1995 .
he even claimed that the image of the muslims as victims was untrue and that they were the first to attack .
their fighters " had blood up to their shoulders , " he said .
" i will defend that nation of ours and their cause that is just and holy , " he said in his defiant opening statement .
the aim of the " muslim plotters , " he added , was " 100 percent power , as it was in the ottoman empire . "
" this is reminiscent of those days , " said robertson , who reported from the bosnian capital during the war .
" these were the exact same justifications : ' we 're the ones that had been under attack , we 're the ones being wronged . '
" it 's very telling that he 's not trying to address specific issues , such as the srebrenica massacre and such like , which are going to be the main parts of the prosecution .
doha , qatar ( cnn ) -- an international donors ' conference on darfur kicked off sunday in doha with the hope of raising $ 7.25 billion to bring aid and sustainable development to the troubled region in sudan .
" darfur still needs stability , " al-zatari added .
he said 3.5 million people need humanitarian assistance , and 1.5 million of them live in camps .
the conference , whose participants include the un , the governments of qatar and sudan , and the world bank , seeks to " to mobilize financial support for the recovery and development needs in darfur . "
reactions to the conference , however , are mixed .
" the conference is a strong message to the darfurian people that they are not forgotten , " said abdullah adam khatir , a darfurian writer .
al-baqir afifi , a civil society activist , on the other hand , disagreed with the conference 's approach .
" those who are going to pledge money want to know if the money is going to reach darfur or not , " he said .
" it is still insecure in darfur ; there is chaos , " he added .
protests against the conference took place in some camps in darfur last week .
" what are they going to do with this money when there is no security ? "
an activist who preferred not to be named said , according to afp .
( cnn ) as " mad men " returned for its seventh season , many viewers tuned in to see what happened next for don , peggy , pete and the other characters of the hit amc show .
many were eager to see the fabulous clothes the actors wore .
we asked readers to share their snapshots from 1967-69 and show us what the late '60s really looked like .
janie lambert , 61 , says she thinks " mad men " portrays the decade 's conservative fashion and mod look accurately .
but she remembers the late 1960s as more colorful and vibrant .
" my favorite looks in the '60s were the bright colors and bold patterns , stripes and polka dots , miniskirts , long hair and pale lipstick , " lambert says .
' mad men ' and the other 1960s many ireporters strived to keep up with the fast pace of the changing fashion in the late '60s .
patricia anne alfano , 66 , went from a british-inspired mod style cheerleader to a hippie in a matter of three years .
unlike today , the cheerleaders were covered from head to toe .
the uniforms had long sleeves , and the cheerleaders wore gloves and cloth helmets .
" wigs were big back then .
everyone had at least one . "
in 1968 , the style began to evolve .
alfano still spent a lot of time on her hair , but her peers began heavily criticizing all things materialistic , so the style became more casual .
new york ( cnn ) -- in the midst of the ongoing culture wars , can it be a good idea to put out a comedy about two stone age men who wander into the bible ?
in " year one , " jack black stars as an inquisitive stone age man , with michael cera as his sidekick .
harold ramis thinks so .
among the locales : ancient sodom , which " did n't seem worse than las vegas to me , " ramis told cnn .
" year one " comes out friday .
ramis , whose writing and directing credits include " groundhog day " and " analyze this , " said it was time for a new biblical epic -- of sorts .
it 's like , you know , when ' animal house ' [ which ramis co-wrote ] came out , there were college films .
every generation had college films , but our generation did n't have one yet , and i do n't know that our generation - this young , new generation of kids has a , you know , a sandal epic yet , and this is the one .
this is for them . "
ramis rounded up a cast of comedians familiar to any watcher of judd apatow-produced movies -- no surprise , since apatow is a producer of " year one . "
christopher mintz-plasse ( " superbad " ) , horatio sanz ( " saturday night live , " " step brothers " ) and bill hader ( " tropic thunder " ) all have parts .
the wife of imprisoned u.s. state department contractor alan gross traveled to cuba tuesday as part of her ongoing effort to free her husband .
judy gross did not talk to a cnn reporter outside havana 's jose marti international airport , and she and gross ' attorney quickly boarded a bus provided by the cuban government .
last week , gross ' mother died after a long fight with cancer , gross ' attorney , scott gilbert , said .
the cuban government refused gross ' request to travel to the united states to say goodbye to evelyn gross before she died .
gross had promised that after seeing his mother he would return to his prison cell at a military hospital in havana .
" we would like to convey our heartfelt condolences to his relatives , " cuban ministry of foreign affairs official josefina vidal said in a statement .
" it is necessary to clarify that neither the cuban penitentiary system nor the u.s. penitentiary system provide the possibility for inmates to travel abroad , no matter the reason . "
gross , 65 , is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing satellite communications equipment to cuba as part of his work as a subcontractor for the u.s. agency for international development .
he was convicted in march 2011 .
u.s. officials said gross was merely trying to help cubans bypass the island 's stringent restrictions on internet access and have said his imprisonment is one of the major obstacles to improved relations with cuba .
in april , gross embarked on a hunger strike to protest his continued imprisonment .
he later said he was suspending his hunger strike after his mother pleaded with him to begin eating again .
washington ( cnn ) -- the u.s. senate was called to order for 11 seconds on wednesday as the last political scuffle of the year between the white house and the democratic-led congress played out .
democratic senators will hold short " pro forma " sessions over the holiday break to prevent recess appointments .
nearly all the senators left the capitol for the christmas holiday last week , but democrats are keeping the senate in session to block president bush from making any recess appointments -- a constitutional mechanism that allows the president , during congressional recesses , to fill top government posts for up to one year without senate confirmation .
he spent 57 seconds in the chamber .
bush declined to accept the democrats ' offer , and reid refused to approve bradbury because of concerns about his involvement in crafting legal opinions for the administration on interrogation techniques of terrorism suspects .
webb also did the duty friday , but he wo n't be the only senator tasked with presiding over the shortened sessions .
other democrats -- including sens. edward kennedy of massachusetts , byron dorgan of north dakota , jack reed of rhode island , mary landrieu of louisiana , ben cardin of maryland and chuck schumer of new york -- will share the duty .
e-mail to a friend
( cnn ) -- marc marquez barely held off the legendary valentino rossi in a nail-biting conclusion to the opening race of the 2014 motogp season in qatar but judging by his performances this weekend the second race wo n't be as close .
marquez , the reigning world champion from spain , finished well ahead of the pack saturday in qualifying for the grand prix of the americas in austin , setting a record lap time and beating repsol honda teammate dani pedrosa by 0.289 seconds .
he was the fastest rider in practice yesterday , too .
" all weekend it has been going so well , but sunday is the most important , " marquez told motogp 's website .
" we will have to push very hard the whole race .
" it will be an important start to the race when the tires are new , we can make a difference there before they start to slide .
i 'm happy with the base we have and we 'll try to fight for the victory .
i 'm sure we 'll be fighting with pedrosa , he is our strongest rival . "
" the progression from the first practice on friday is very big , we were two seconds behind and now half a second , " said lorenzo .
" anyway , as i thought , it 's going to be a hard race tomorrow .
" our goal is to fight for fourth or third position .
i think it would be a good result because here our competitors are really strong so we need to make the best result we can .
to finish on the podium would be a good thing . "
guidroz , 57 , has been charged with first-degree manslaughter after he confessed to the crime , said pierce county prosecutor mark lindquist on tuesday .
" this is another success for the cold case unit , " said lindquist .
" justice matters , no matter how long it takes . "
guidroz first reported his son missing in january 1983 , telling tacoma police that his son had gone missing in a neighborhood park after they had gone fishing together .
guidroz said he believed that a family they had met in the park had kidnapped him , prosecutors said .
guidroz left washington state in 1984 and did not return , according to a press release from the pierce county prosecutor 's office .
in 2011 , cold case unit detective gene miller reopened the case .
miller reviewed old documents from the initial investigation and saw that guidroz 's stories never seemed to add up .
there were " several inconsistencies in guidroz 's account of the events from the day wallace went missing , " the release said .
london , england ( cnn ) -- uk prime minister gordon brown has ordered a full review of security measures at uk airports following the attempted detroit plane bombing on december 25 .
in a statement published friday on the prime minister 's official web site , brown said the uk government will be working with the u.s. to " examine a range of new techniques to enhance airport security systems beyond traditional measures , such as pat-down searches and sniffer dogs . "
these new measures might include using " explosive trace technology , full body scanners and advanced x-ray technology . "
writing on the first day of a new decade , brown issued a reminder of the ongoing threat posed by international terrorism .
these enemies of democracy and freedom ... are concealing explosives in ways which are more difficult to detect . "
the detroit incident highlighted an " urgent " need to tighten airport security measures , brown said .
" the uk , " brown said , " will continually explore the most sophisticated devices capable of identifying explosives , guns , knives and other such items anywhere on the body . "
the alleged plane bomber , umar farouk abdulmutallab is believed to have concealed explosives in his underwear .
the 23-year-old nigerian is thought to have linked up with an al qaeda group based in yemen after attending the uk 's university college london .
brown said the plot was a reminder of al qaeda 's increasing influence away from " better-known homes of international terror such as pakistan and afghanistan . "
( cnn ) -- a florida man charged with murder in the fatal shooting of a teenager amid an argument over loud music at a gas station pleaded not guilty monday .
dunn told investigators he fired at a car in which jordan davis , 17 , and three of his friends were sitting because he felt threatened by them .
the case against dunn , who has been jailed without bond since the november 26 shooting at the jacksonville , florida , gas station , has been compared to the " stand your ground " case in which george zimmerman is charged with killing trayvon martin .
similar to martin , davis was an african-american teen .
dunn , indicted on a first-degree murder charge last thursday , is no " vigilante " but did feel threatened and shot out of " self-defense , " his lawyer said two days after his arrest .
" there are no comparisons to the trayvon martin situation , " said robin lemonidis , dunn 's attorney .
" he is devastated and horrified by the death of the teen . "
dunn told authorities that he had asked the teens to turn down the blaring music coming from their vehicle , which was parked next to his as he waited for his girlfriend to return to the car .
he heard threats from the teens , dunn told police , and he felt threatened and thought he saw a gun in their car .
abu dhabi , united arab emirates ( cnn ) -- an emirati blogger who has called for reform in the united arab emirates is being held in al wathba prison in abu dhabi , his wife said wednesday ahmed mansoor is being treated well , according to wife nadia , who said she spoke to him tuesday evening .
mansoor 's attorney , abdul hamid al kumity , said he is not aware of any charges against his client , but will meet with the prosecutor 's office wednesday .
dubai police have told al kumity that two bottles of whiskey were found in mansoor 's house .
alcohol is available at hotels and select stores in the uae , but muslims are not allowed to buy or possess it .
mansoor 's wife acknowledged that here was alcohol in their house , but said they do n't drink .
the alcohol , in a small unopened box , was probably a gift from friends or family , she said .
about 10 men , including two wearing police uniforms , picked up mansoor from his apartment friday afternoon , according to his wife .
the men also took mansoor 's passport and laptop and left without telling her where they were taking him or why .
fahad salem al-shehhi , a friend of mansoor 's who helped him with his website , was detained saturday evening , said activist mohammed al-mansoori .
the third , nasser bin ghaith , an emirati writer who also maintains a website , was detained sunday , al-mansoori said .
( cnn ) -- han han is china 's rebel writer who has become the unofficial voice for his generation .
as a teenager the 27-year-old began writing novels about angst-ridden characters that proved tremendously popular with china 's angsty youth .
but it is his blog that has propelled him to celebrity status in china and earned him the accolade as one of time magazine 's 100 most influential people of 2009 .
blogging about issues such as the chinese government 's handling of the sichuan earthquake of 2008 and recent spate of school stabbings , han han is savvy enough to know the limits of what he can and ca n't write about .
" even though the chinese government has improved on the freedom of speech front in recent years , writing is still rather dangerous , so it 's quite difficult to strike this balance , " he told cnn .
" but i believe you still need to try despite these difficulties .
the situation only improves when there are more people trying ; if no one is trying , it only gets more and more difficult . "
for jeremy goldkorn , a china media commentator , han 's attitude combined with his writing helps strike a chord with millions of china 's disaffected youth .
melissa harris-lacewell is associate professor of politics and african-american studies at princeton university .
she is the author of the award-winning book " barbershops , bibles , and bet : everyday talk and black political thought " and writes a daily blog titled the kitchen table .
melissa harris-lacewell says african-americans remain skeptical about racial progress in the u.s. princeton , new jersey ( cnn ) -- america was proud of itself for electing barack obama .
the pride was not just partisan and ideological ; it was also specifically and clearly racial .
the morning after obama 's win , the new york times declared " racial barrier falls in decisive victory . "
the los angeles times asserted that " for the first time in human history , a largely white nation has elected a black man to be its paramount leader . "
even sen. john mccain , conceding defeat , pointed to the greatness of the american promise fulfilled in the election of his opponent .
obama 's victory offered the possibility that the scars of america 's racial legacy were healed or , at least , that they were less raw .
for many african-american citizens , the election of the first black u.s. president was cause for celebration and open-mouthed wonder about an outcome that seemed so unlikely just two years earlier , when obama announced his bid .
despite this joy , many black citizens were dubious that his victory represented the destruction of any particular racial barrier .
african-americans were both proud of and excited about obama , but in the 45 years since the passage of the civil rights act , black americans had seen doors to power , influence and wealth open just enough to admit just a few without fundamentally altering opportunities for the majority .
( cnn ) -- jeff weiss had spent 20 years teaching negotiation skills to top executives when he realized those techniques might be just as valuable to soldiers on the battlefield .
so a decade ago , he approached the u.s. military to teach officers negotiation tools and strategies they could use in a theater of war .
the west point negotiation project was founded , and before long , weiss made another realization : the lessons could go the other way , too .
" there 's a ton to take from the military back to the corporations , " says weiss , a partner at vantage partners , a boston-based negotiation training and consulting firm that works with fortune 500 companies .
" business leaders have a lot to learn from military leaders who , in extreme situations , are able to take a deep breath , get perspective and negotiate through a set of strategies . "
read more : why we pick bad leaders perhaps counter-intuitively , the best military negotiators adopt a creative , problem-solving approach .
a more macho , " rambo style " of negotiation -- in which the negotiator digs in inflexibly to a position they believe to be right -- is " just not effective , " weiss says , and could lead to fatal errors .
" we often act on perception and assumptions , we tend to use a strong position and dig in , we tend to use threats and we play a concessions game far too frequently . "
below are five key points into which weiss has distilled the essence of successful deal-making , which he says are equally applicable whether you 're dealing with potentially hostile stakeholders on the battlefield , or a fellow boardroom warrior .
( cnn ) -- [ warning : the following contains spoilers for the " doctor who " season finale . ]
permission to squee ?
saturday night 's " doctor who " season finale was a roller coaster of feels , with deaths , goodbyes and one incredible james bond-esque move by the doctor .
it was the end of the first season of peter capaldi as the twelfth doctor .
here are five moments that had us cheering or reaching for the tissues : 1 .
the master kills osgood this one really hurt .
unit captured the master and made the doctor the president of earth , as they faced a massive invasion by dead-people-turned-cybermen .
unfortunately for osgood , the master was no longer handcuffed and made good on her promise .
it was part of a terrific nutso performance by michelle gomez as the master , but we 'll really miss osgood , who was like the ultimate " doctor who " fan .
windsurfing into the tardis the plane that carried the doctor and members of unit exploded , and the doctor was sent flying out of it , about to crash to the ground .
instead , the doctor spotted the tardis and aimed himself to land right inside it .
the master 's ai interface assistant seb was quite impressed by this , but the master destroyed him as he squeed .
clara reunites with danny after talking her way out of being killed by the cybermen by impersonating the doctor , clara found herself in a graveyard , and discovered that an approaching cyberman was her late boyfriend , danny , who still had emotions , but was begging her to switch them off .
( cnn ) -- never underestimate the power of the dark side .
let 's go with never underestimate the power of a cute blond kid cloaked in the robes of mr. dark side himself , darth vader .
despite having already been on television since 2009 , 6-year-old max page is winning more fans than he likely ever could have imagined after his appearance in a super bowl advertisement for volkswagen .
" my dad said i 'm the hit star ! "
max said tuesday during an appearance on cnn 's " american morning . "
it depicts a young boy dressed in vader 's black robe and helmet feverishly trying to get something -- anything -- to obey " the force " and bend to his will .
he tries the washer and dryer .
nothing happens .
not even the family dog is moved .
but when he tries to wield " the force " on his dad 's new car , the engine roars to life -- with a little help from dad and his keyfob , of course .
you can almost see max 's eyes , wide-open with amazement , as he holds his arms out and turns to his unseen parents as if to say , " did you see that ? "
" lance acord , the director , said what he brought to the spot when they were filming was more of an authenticity because he was n't mimicking darth vader , " max 's mom , jennifer said .
foday gallah saw the sick child was distressed and felt he had to do something .
so he picked the kid up to comfort him .
and with that act of kindness , the 37-year-old ambulance supervisor in monrovia , liberia , contracted ebola himself .
" of course , he got vomit all over him and that 's how he got ebola , " said photographer jackie nickerson , who shot gallah 's image for time 's " person of the year " magazine cover , which honors those on the front line of the ebola epidemic .
they 're " the ones who answered the call , " the magazine said on its website wednesday morning .
nickerson expanded on why gallah was chosen for one of the magazine 's five covers : " he 's the shining example of what the right thing to do is .
he really did touch me with his story .
i do n't usually like to use the word hero , but i have to use it here . "
according to the latest world health organization figures , about 6,300 people have died from the disease , mainly in west africa .
health workers are still battling more than 11,000 confirmed cases in guinea , liberia and sierra leone , and more than 6,000 suspected and probable cases loom , according to who .
though those countries mark the epicenter of the outbreak , isolated cases have spread wider , penetrating other african countries , europe and even the united states .
time magazine 's editors decided to honor the " unprecedented numbers " of doctors and nurses who responded when ebola overtook an already-weak public health infrastructure , and time editor nancy gibbs outlined how governments were ill-equipped to respond , who " was in denial and snarled in red tape " and first responders were accused of crying wolf as the disease spread .
thomas lorde , the estranged boyfriend of 19-year-old latasha jackson and the father of 1-year-old chaniya wynn , was found next to them , dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head , police said sunday .
cleveland police issued an amber alert on saturday after witnesses reported seeing jackson and chaniya abducted while walking on east 72nd avenue in cleveland .
jackson 's 14-year-old brother was walking with the pair when he said lorde approached .
" he walked up on us and ... he pulled out the gun .
" he told me to run . "
the brother , who cnn is not identifying because of his age , ran home and called 911 .
" she ( jackson ) was silent .
she did n't know what to do . "
the alert named lorde , 25 , as the kidnapping suspect , warning that he was a " violent sexual predator with felony warrants out of new york , " and armed and dangerous .
" all three were found unresponsive with gunshot wounds and pronounced dead on the scene , " the statement said .
no other details of the investigation were made public .
mexico city ( cnn ) -- the leader of mexico 's leftist party of the democratic revolution , andres manuel lopez obrador , announced tuesday that he has asked mexico 's federal election institute for a recount of the ballots cast in sunday 's presidential election .
lopez obrador 's demand came the day after he said the vote had been " plagued by irregularities . "
election authorities have projected lopez obrador as the runner-up in the vote .
political tensions flare after mexican presidential vote the federal election institute , known by its spanish acronym ife , says it expects the final count results sunday .
that 's when each of the approximately 143,000 polling stations are supposed to have finished counting votes and signed an " act " detailing the number of votes .
ballots will be recounted in cases where : -- the difference between the first and second place candidate is 1 % or less ; -- the number of annulled votes is greater than the difference between the first and second place candidates .
ana isabel fuentes , international coordinator of information for ife , said she expects the law to mandate recounts in 19 districts , representing about a third of the total ballots cast .
lopez obrador must wait until sunday to formally submit any application for a recount to the federal election tribunal .
any candidate can challenge , but national action party candidate josefina vazquez mota has already conceded .
flea and the rest of red hot chili peppers will jump on to the stage , compliments of fellow performer bruno mars , at next month 's super bowl halftime show .
mars , a grammy-winning pop singer , invited the chili peppers to join him for the super bowl xlviii festivities on february 2 at metlife stadium in east rutherford , new jersey .
" one of the most successful acts in rock history , red hot chili peppers , which is singer anthony kiedis , bassist flea , drummer , chad smith , and guitarist josh klinghoffer , have sold more than 60 million albums , including five multi-platinum lps , and won six grammy awards , " the nfl said in a press release .
their hit songs include " give it away , " " scar tissue , " " californication " and " suck my kiss . "
kiedis and flea , born michael balzary , are more than 20 years older than mars .
their band has pioneered a bold style of rock infused with funk and rap .
his 50th birthday bash in october 2012 gave flea time to take stock of his life , he told cnn .
" i 'm definitely wiser , and less likely to make gigantic blunders of an intellectual , spiritual , emotional or physical type , " he said . "
... but more than anything the passion for the things that i really care about like playing music , and being kind , and children , and the things i love -- sports , books , art -- my passion for all these things has deepened . "
expectations for super bowl halftime performances are always high .
( cnn ) -- the rev. fred shuttlesworth , who helped lead the civil rights movement , has died , the birmingham civil rights institute said wednesday .
he was 89 .
shuttlesworth is among the iconic figures honored in the international civil rights walk of fame at the martin luther king jr .
national historic site in atlanta .
president barack obama issued a statement honoring shuttleworth , saying he " dedicated his life to advancing the cause of justice for all americans .
he was a testament to the strength of the human spirit .
and today we stand on his shoulders , and the shoulders of all those who marched and sat and lifted their voices to help perfect our union .
... " america owes reverend shuttlesworth a debt of gratitude , and our thoughts and prayers are with his wife , sephira , and their family , friends and loved ones . "
shuttlesworth also helped found the southern christian leadership conference , with king and other civil rights leaders .
shuttlesworth 's efforts were n't without a price : his home was bombed on christmas day in 1956 , but he and his family were not injured .
he was , however , hurt in 1957 when he was beaten with chains and whips as he sought to integrate an all-white public school .
my heart went out to barb dunn the moment her 16-year-old son , daniel , answered my question .
once he gets his license in june , would he text and drive ?
as you can see in the video above , his answer was not the one his mom expected .
" i 'm taking a deep breath , " said dunn , who recently purchased visor clips for daniel 's friends who have already gotten their licenses that say " stay alive .
" i would n't even mind if he said , ' i 'm at a red light and i picked up the phone for a minute to read something and put it back down , ' but that moving and texting freaks me out .
daniel 's mom might have wanted to slam her head against the counter but still she told me she appreciated her son 's candor and realized in that moment how difficult it is to persuade teens , who text nearly all day long , not to do it while behind the wheel .
" even a well-meaning teen is going to have trouble saying no when they get that buzz " from an incoming text or status update , said david teater , senior director for the national safety council .
" it 's almost a pavlovian response . "
teater sadly knows all too well what can go wrong with distracted driving .
ten years ago , a 20-year-old woman who had been talking on a cell phone ran a red light and killed his then 12-year-old son , joe .
since then , he 's dedicated his life to raising awareness about the dangers of talking on a cell phone while behind the wheel .
a newer concern : how to eliminate driving while texting .
cairo ( cnn ) -- mohamed al-zawahiri , brother of al qaeda leader ayman al-zawahiri , will be freed from prison in egypt after 13 years , his attorney said monday .
he was acquitted by an egyptian military court and will be released tuesday , said attorney nizar ghorab .
al-zawahiri was acquitted on the assassination charges but later was accused of conspiring against the egyptian government .
he was sentenced to death , but then appealed the ruling .
last year , egypt 's interim government released him along with scores of other political prisoners after a general pardon was issued by the supreme council of the armed forces , which ruled the country after the ouster of president hosni mubarak .
but al-zawahiri was arrested again shortly after .
ahmed al-zawahiri , nephew of mohamed al-zawahiri , told cnn that after the release last year , security forces stormed his uncle 's home , beat him up and rearrested him for no apparent reason .
" it was a day after my uncle spoke to a local paper and spoke of the torture he endured inside prison for years , " ahmed al-zawahiri told cnn .
" zawahiri has been tortured for years by mubarak 's state security officers because he is the brother of ayman zawahiri , " ghorab said .
( cnn ) -- susie wolff put the disappointments of silverstone behind her on friday with an impressive run in the first free practice session ahead of sunday 's german grand prix .
the williams development driver only managed four laps during practice at the british grand prix a fortnight ago before engine problems curtailed her involvement .
things had not looked so promising for wolff earlier in the day as she crawled round her out lap in first gear before returning to the pits .
thankfully , it was n't long before the mechanical problems were resolved and she was back on track -- even briefly clocking the fastest lap of the session .
wolff has been a development driver for williams since 2012 and is the first female driver to participate in a f1 race weekend since italy 's giovanna amati attempted to qualify for three races during the 1992 season .
lewis hamilton , speaking ahead of his recent victory at silverstone , said wolff 's participation at two practice sessions this season was fully deserved .
" it 's really cool to see her in a formula one car .
" i did n't race against many girls .
susie was one of the very few , if not the only one , i raced against .
we shared a podium together a couple of times . "
o'fallon , missouri ( cnn ) -- nathan halbach is 22 , with a diagnosis of terminal brain cancer .
he knows that " horrible stuff " lies ahead .
his mother , pat bond , has been taking care of him full time .
in a story first reported in the new york times , it was revealed that the franciscan order drew up an agreement acknowledging the boy 's paternity and agreeing to pay child support in exchange for a pledge of confidentiality .
now her son -- the youngest of four children -- may have just weeks to live .
and when the franciscans balked at paying for his care , she decided she was no longer bound by her pledge of confidentiality .
i asked for the basic needs and care of my son , " bond told cnn 's " ac 360 . "
willenborg , whose priestly vows require celibacy , has been suspended from his most recent assignment , in northern wisconsin , as catholic leaders investigate allegations that he was involved with another woman -- then in high school -- around the same time he was seeing bond .
willenborg has acknowledged his relationship with bond , but denies any inappropriate relationship with the other woman while she was a minor , according to his current bishop .
( cnn ) -- presidential candidates sens. barack obama and john mccain are detailing their plans for solving the country 's energy crisis and criticizing each other 's proposals this week as they campaign in battleground states .
here 's a look at the candidates ' energy proposals : overall strategy mccain , the presumptive gop nominee , has proposed a national energy strategy that would rely on the technological prowess of american industry and science .
mccain has said he would work to reduce carbon emissions 60 percent below 1990 levels by 2050 .
he has said he would commit $ 2 billion annually for 15 years to advance clean coal technology .
he also has pledged to oppose a windfall profits tax on oil companies that , according to his campaign web site , " will ultimately result in increasing our dependence on foreign oil and hinder investment in domestic exploration . "
" if i am president , i will immediately direct the full resources of the federal government and the full energy of the private sector to a single , overarching goal -- in 10 years , we will eliminate the need for oil from the entire middle east and venezuela , " the presumptive democratic nominee told a crowd .
obama 's plan also would invest $ 150 billion over the next 10 years and leverage billions more in private capital to build a new energy economy that he said would harness american energy and create 5 million new jobs .
william jonathan orders , 50 , who was arrested and charged with obstructing justice , appeared in provincial court in chilliwack , british columbia .
his bail was set at $ 5,750 ( canadian ) , said neil mackenzie , communications counsel with the province 's criminal justice branch .
orders was instructed to turn over his passport and to not operate a hang glider or paraglider , he said .
lenami godinez-avila had just started a tandem hang-gliding flight with the instructor , when she fell from the glider , plunging hundreds of feet to her death saturday in a heavily wooded part of western canada , authorities say .
investigators say the instructor tried to hide what might be a key piece of evidence about what went wrong -- a possible onboard video recording of the flight -- in his digestive tract .
the recording has since passed and is now in police custody , mackenzie said .
he declined comment on whether anything retrievable could be taken from the card .
calls on thursday and friday seeking comment from orders ' attorney , laird cruickshank , were not immediately returned .
a witness , nicole mclearn , told the canadian broadcasting corp. that when the glider was in the air , godinez-avila appeared to be wearing her harness , but it was n't attached to the glider .
the passenger clung to orders before she fell , mclearn said .
( cnn ) -- she 's built her career caring for orphans .
jane aronson has evaluated more than 10,000 adopted children from around the world .
her patients include the offspring of hollywood luminaries .
in her new book , " carried in our hearts : the gift of adoption : inspiring stories of families created across continents , " aronson curates a collection of stories written by many of the families she helped to unite .
the actress mary-louise parker shares the moment she first met her daughter in an ethiopian orphanage .
" grey 's anatomy " creator shonda rhimes remembers crying in a detroit hospital parking garage , overcome with emotion while waiting for her adopted daughter 's birth .
the book is also a family affair for aronson .
her two adopted sons contribute their own recollections of how they became a family .
des aronson , now almost 15 years old , shares an anecdote about getting lost soon after meeting his new mother when he was 5 .
elevator doors closed unexpectedly at the hilton hotel in addis ababa , ethiopia , sending the new family into a panic across hotel floors .
but " carried in our hearts " is about more than the orphans who found their way to loving homes .
it also includes a heart-wrenching reminder of the children left behind .
the number of international adoptions has plummeted by more than 60 % from its peak of 22,991 in 2004 .
more than 90 % of aronson 's young patients were adopted internationally .
in her work as a doctor , and as an advocate for children without families , she has witnessed brutal treatment of orphans in many parts of the world .
she also knows the potential these children have to succeed , with education , attention and love .
( cnn ) -- the mayor of a montana college town wednesday welcomed a federal investigation into allegations that sexual assault and rape complaints were improperly handled .
" this is uncharted territory for us , " he told cnn .
the u.s. justice department announced tuesday it was launching a probe into allegations that up to 80 complaints of sexual assault over three years were not investigated thoroughly because of gender bias .
of those , 11 cases involved students at the university of montana -- at least two involving football players .
" if justice has enough information that it believes an investigation is warranted , i 'm not going to question that , " engen said .
" clearly they have a responsibility to act on whatever complaints they are hearing .
i think time will tell whether this was the right call or not . "
" our focus is on systemic issues ; that is , do the university and the law enforcement agencies have the necessary policies and practices in place to protect women in a comprehensive and integrated manner , " perez said at a news conference tuesday .
the department of education is coordinating with justice officials , a spokesman told cnn .
fred van valkenburg , missoula county chief prosecutor , vehemently defended his office and the police officers involved in the investigations .
kvitova , the 2011 wimbledon champion , inflicted wozniacki 's second defeat in istanbul , winning 6-4 6-2 to go top of the red group .
world number one wozniacki , who called the trainer on during her match after complaining of feeling sick , is rock bottom of the group after playing all three of her round robin games .
istanbul is a great place and it is great experience for me .
" i have had a great season and it 's very nice to play here -- it 's like something new for me as i 'm still learning .
i am enjoying every match i play and i 'm trying not to think about winning here . "
wozniacki told reporters : " i tried my best , but my body did n't want to do the things i asked it today .
what i told my brain did n't go to my body .
" it 's just unfortunate that my body has been feeling tired .
to get sick now is not the best time if you want to beat the top players . "
czech kvitova faces agnieszka radwanska on friday -- a match that will determine who grabs the second qualification spot in the red group .
radwanska , from poland , currently occupies second spot after she saved three match points to beat russia 's vera zvonareva 1-6 6-2 7-5 .
the pole can make sure of her place in the semis as long as she wins a set in her clash with kvitova .
under the terms of the deal , tomaselli faces a maximum of three years and three months in prison , said defense attorney justin leary .
seven of those charges were dropped , leary said , and tomaselli pleaded guilty to gross sexual assault , unlawful sexual contact and two counts of visual sexual aggression towards a minor .
tomaselli , 23 , had told cnn earlier this month that he planned to plead guilty .
" i take complete responsibility for what i did , " he said by phone from lewiston , maine .
mike lang and his stepbrother , bobby davis , have also stepped forward to accuse the former men 's assistant basketball coach of molesting them over several years .
tomaselli said he and fine watched pornography together before fine fondled him in a hotel room in pittsburgh , where he 'd gone to watch a syracuse game in 2002 .
he was 13 years old when the alleged abuse occurred .
police in syracuse and pittsburgh are investigating the allegations and looking for other potential victims , authorities have said .
when the allegations first surfaced , fine -- married with a son and two daughters -- called them " patently false . "
he has not commented since .
( cnn ) -- it 's hard to believe it 's been five years since mumbai was rocked by terror attacks .
life goes on , the city continues its chaotic beat .
the date 26/11 is now a somber anniversary the city marks .
the newspapers here today are full of pictures of smiling couples and entire families who lost their lives during the attacks .
nine of the gunmen were killed during the attacks , one survived .
mohammed ajmal kasab , the lone surviving gunman , was executed in india last year one of the pictures i saw in a newspaper today that froze me was of a broken blue wall inside chabad house , the building where rabbi gavriel holtzberg and his wife rivka were killed .
their baby son , moshe survived .
my colleague , sanjiv talreja and i were the first journalists allowed inside chabad house a few weeks after the carnage .
it was the hardest assignment i have ever had .
the place had n't been cleaned .
walls and windows were blown out , only half of the floors and ceilings remained .
blood stains splashed across the wall , grenade shells and bullets littered the crumbling floor .
one thing that stopped me in my tracks though was a broken blue wall .
his mother rivka had marked his height on the wall , with the enthusiasm of any young mother watching her baby grow .
several little pencil lines marked every inch or two this young boy grew .
two friends of former new england patriots star aaron hernandez were indicted on murder charges friday in connection with the 2013 homicide of odin lloyd in north attleboro , massachusetts , according to the bristol county district attorney 's office .
the associates , carlos ortiz and ernest wallace , allegedly were in the car with hernandez the night of the murder .
hernandez , 24 , is being held on first-degree murder and weapons charges in the shooting death of lloyd .
he has pleaded not guilty to those charges .
authorities have said hernandez , carlos ortiz and ernest wallace picked lloyd up from his boston apartment in the early morning of june 17 .
surveillance cameras showed the car at an industrial park near hernandez 's north attleborough , massachusetts , home .
surveillance cameras then captured the rental car leaving the crime scene and hernandez carrying a gun as he returned to his home minutes later .
he was with two other people .
lloyd 's body was found in the industrial park later that day .
prosecutors have accused hernandez of orchestrating the death of lloyd , who was shot five times with a .45 caliber handgun .
ortiz and wallace were already being held on charges related to the lloyd murder when the indictments were handed down friday .
" ernest wallace did not shoot or kill anybody , " his attorney , david meier of boston , told cnn .
" the nature and timing of these new charges against mr. wallace speak for themselves .
one can only ask are these charges based on the facts and the law or something else .
port-au-prince , haiti ( cnn ) -- jean-claude " baby doc " duvalier , haiti 's former dictator , returned unexpectedly sunday to the country after some 25 years in exile , adding uncertainty into an already turbulent situation .
duvalier remained huddled inside his hotel monday , as the reasons behind his visit and what he hoped to accomplish remained unclear .
a scheduled press conference at his hotel was canceled at the last minute because the hotel was not equipped to handle the crowd , and no other location could be found , henry robert sterlin , a duvalier associate , told reporters .
sterlin said that the former dictator had returned because he was moved by the anniversary of last year 's tragic earthquake , and because he missed his homeland .
the associate said he did not know how long duvalier was staying , and added that he was not afraid to come back .
he arrived in the haitian capital as the nation is grappling with a political crisis , sparked by fraud allegations in a presidential election .
duvalier , wearing a dark suit and tie , greeted supporters at the busy port-au-prince airport .
the duvalier family ruled haiti for three decades starting in 1957 , when francois " papa doc " duvalier was elected president .
he later declared himself president for life .
when he died in 1971 , he was succeeded by his 19-year-old son , jean-claude " baby doc " duvalier .
widely accused of corruption , duvalier has been living in france .
upon arriving in haiti , the former dictator and his wife went to the karibe hotel , according to ryan flaherty , head of security for project medishare .
london ( cnn ) -- if your mother is one of the world 's best-loved children 's authors who has written more than 70 books and sold well in excess of 11.5 million copies , you might think about taking a different career path .
not clara vulliamy .
undaunted by the success of her mother shirley hughes , whose creations include dogger and the alfie series , vulliamy has followed her lead .
now the mother-daughter team have collaborated for the first time on a new series called " dixie o'day " , written by hughes and illustrated by vulliamy , with the first book to be published in september 2013 .
she said it was " absolutely marvelous " to work with her daughter .
" clara 's illustrations surprised as well as delighted me .
she put things into the book i would never have dreamed of doing myself . "
vulliamy 's influence is immediately apparent : hughes 's books are known for their realistic portrayal of everyday family dramas , from lost toys to days at the seaside .
but , at vulliamy 's suggestion , the heroes of dixie o'day are two dogs in suits .
she is used to writing about animals , while her mother never before has .
" i just ca n't put into words how much i have enjoyed it , " said vulliamy , 50 , of working with her mother .
( cnn ) -- los angeles clippers owner donald sterling has made his proverbial bed .
and , oh , is he lying in it now .
the ugly comments about blacks and latinos attributed to him have hit struck another nerve -- this time with players , fans and most decent-thinking americans .
nba players protest racist talk attributed to l.a. clippers owner donald sterling the tape released a few days ago reportedly shows that the person identified as sterling can profess his own kind of love for a woman who 's black and latina but refuses to " allow " her to befriend her own kind : blacks and latinos .
like some slave owners who kept their mixed-race female slaves in better living conditions and bestowed privileges upon them , sterling can allegedly be heard telling a woman identified as v. stiviano that he does n't have a problem with her or her race but that she should n't fraternize with blacks and latinos because it disturbs him .
so that makes her " special . "
it sounds like sterling , who has been married for nearly 50 years , shared a rarely heard perspective that his lover/girlfriend/mistress can mitigate the " inferiority " ( my term ) of her racial mixture by spending more time with him .
oh , yeah , sterling is white .
( cnn ) -- marco simoncelli hopes he has put his le mans nightmare behind him after earning the first pole position of his top-level motorcycling career in spain on saturday .
the italian rider was reprimanded by motogp chiefs following an incident in france two weeks ago that caused dani pedrosa to crash and miss his home race after breaking his collarbone .
simoncelli reportedly received death threats following that collision , which resulted in the 24-year-old finishing fifth after being hit with a ride-through penalty , having been denied his first podium placing .
" this is the best way to forget what happened in le mans and what everyone has been saying in the last two weeks , and before this race , " he said after qualifying first for sunday 's catalunya grand prix near barcelona .
pedrosa crash overshadows stoner 's french motogp success simoncelli headed off le mans winner casey stoner and yamaha 's world champion and series leader jorge lorenzo as he set a late lap of one minute 42.413 seconds .
" i 'm very satisfied and happy .
of all the speeches at the democratic convention in charlotte , north carolina , few offended conservative listeners more than the speech by sandra fluke .
there are plenty of good reasons to be annoyed .
from the conservative point of view , fluke is on the wrong side of a battle over religious freedom .
back in march , she testified in favor of a proposed obama administration rule that would require catholic institutions , like her own georgetown university law school , to reject the teaching of their church and cover contraception in their university health plans -- plans not funded by taxpayers , by the way , but by tuition and other university revenues .
now here fluke was again , on the national stage , warning that a vote for the republican ticket in 2012 was a vote for " an america in which you have a new vice president who co-sponsored a bill that would allow pregnant women to die preventable deaths in our emergency rooms .
an america in which states humiliate women by forcing us to endure invasive ultrasounds we do n't want and our doctors say we do n't need .
" an america in which access to birth control is controlled by people who will never use it ; in which politicians redefine rape so survivors are victimized all over again ; in which someone decides which domestic violence victims deserve help , and which do n't . "
shortly before fluke spoke , conservative commentator ann coulter had tweeted : " bill clinton just impregnated sandra fluke backstage . "
that was nothing compared with the outpouring of fury during and after the speech .
( cnn ) -- the way some republicans talk about the environmental protection agency , you would think it was created by a bunch of pot-smoking hippies communing at a nudist camp in northern california -- when in fact , the epa was created by one of their own , richard nixon , in 1970 .
much as republicans do n't like to bring up the huge tax increases instituted by their hero , ronald reagan , they prefer to sidestep their role in the epa 's humble beginnings and blame it on democrats .
they characterize the whole thing as an albatross hanging around the economy 's neck .
to be fair , nixon did not ride into the white house as a conservationist , and he did veto the clean water act .
but he said he did so because of the price tag of the policy , not its purpose .
after the santa barbara oil spill in 1969 -- which at the time was the largest in u.s. history -- nixon agreed with the rest of thinking society that clean water and air were a good thing .
sadly , if he tried any of that funny business today , his own party would probably impeach him .
that 's how far down the oil well some in the republican leadership have fallen .
rep. michelle bachmann said she would lock the epa 's doors and turn off its lights if she were president ( thankfully there 's no chance of that ) ; newt gingrich said he would shut down the epa and create a replacement to work with businesses to create jobs ( making it more of a lapdog than watchdog ) ; rick perry asked the president to halt all regulations , adding " his epa regulations are killing jobs all across america . "
( cnn ) -- chelsea midfielder john obi mikel has made an emotional appeal after his father was abducted in his native nigeria .
" please just let him go , " he told sky sports news .
" he 's just an old man , he has n't done any harm to anyone as far as i know and i do n't know why he has been taken . "
obi mikel was told of the problem just before the start of chelsea 's premier league match at stoke sunday which finished goalless and said his father was at the forefront of his thoughts throughout the match .
whoever has got my dad , whoever knows where my dad is , please contact me and hopefully he can be released . "
chelsea have given mikel their support in a statement on their official website .
" everyone at chelsea football club was very concerned to hear that john mikel obi 's father has been reported as missing and possibly abducted .
" we will give mikel and his family our full support at this most difficult time . "
ghetto radio presenters mbusii , solloo and essie have been locked inside a " glass house " in central nairobi since wednesday , as part of the station 's annual serious request kenya event .
read related : can tech revolutionize african elections ?
three days into the challenge , dj solloo is in good spirits -- despite the lack of food .
" i 'm a bit hungry , " he laughingly admits , " but we have to do this -- it 's a pretty good feeling . "
solloo , whose real name is solomon njoroge , says kenya can not afford a return to post-election violence .
last time around , he says , he was a victim of the bloody unrest that swept his town of eldoret , one of the fighting hotspots in kenya 's rift valley province .
solloo says that back then he had to spend more than two weeks with limited food supplies while camping at a police station for safety .
" i decided to come here because we have to push for this message to be a part of every kenyan .
it has to be every kenyan 's initiative to know that peace is more than just the absence of war . "
hong kong ( cnn ) -- not your average great-great grandfather , fauja singh has completed nine 26-mile ( 42-kilometer ) marathons since taking up long-distance running just over a decade ago .
on sunday , the 101-year-old sikh finished his final competitive race in hong kong , putting an end to a sporting career that has raised thousands of dollars for charity and been an inspiration to many around the world .
nicknamed " turbaned tornado " by fans for his distinctive traditional headwear , singh said he began long-distance running in an attempt to lift the depression that engulfed him after he witnessed the death of his son .
and then marathon running developed from there , " he told cnn at a training session before sunday 's race .
he completed the 10-kilometer route that wound its way along hong kong 's harborfront in one hour 32 minutes and 28 seconds -- four minutes faster than his time last year despite a small stumble .
" five or six kilometers into the race , i really decided to go for it , " he said .
" i had lots of power today because i was very happy . "
singh moved to the uk from india following the death of his son and entered his first marathon in london in 2000 aged 89 .
( cnn ) -- miroslav klose maintained his status as lazio 's lucky charm on saturday , keeping his side in the italian title race and denting the hopes of inter milan with a late winner against the second-placed visitors .
the veteran germany international netted his 10th league goal this season and his 14th overall , firing home a low right-foot shot in the 82nd minute .
neither club nor country have lost when the 34-year-old has found the target in a period stretching back to the february 16 europa league defeat by atletico madrid .
saturday 's 1-0 victory put his rome-based side level on points with third-placed napoli , who host bologna on sunday .
inter stayed four points behind leading champions juventus , who will try to move further ahead with a home victory over mid-table atalanta on sunday .
" lazio were excellent in the first half but i do n't think i 've seen a team come here and cause them as many problems as we did in the second half .
inter twice hit the woodwork before conceding , with fredy guarin driving a low shot onto the base of the upright .
lazio goalkeeper federico marchetti tipped antonio cassano 's curled attempt onto the same post and dealt with yuto nagatomo 's follow-up .
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- actor charlton heston died at his beverly hills home at the age of 84 saturday , his family said .
heston was suffering the late stages of alzheimer 's disease .
heston , known for portrayals of larger than life figure including moses and ben hur , was suffering the late stages of alzheimer 's disease .
heston 's wife of 64 years , lydia , was at his side at the time of his death , according to the family statement .
heston is survived by a son , a daughter and three grandchildren .
" we knew him as an adoring husband , a kind and devoted father , and a gentle grandfather , with an infectious sense of humor , " the family said .
" he served these far greater roles with tremendous faith , courage and dignity .
he loved deeply , and he was deeply loved . "
while no funeral plans have been announced , the family said it would hold a private memorial service .
the internet movie database listed 126 movies and television production credits for heston , starting in 1941 .
he rose to fame in the 1950s with starring movie roles including ben hur , for which he won an oscar .
he played moses in the " ten commandments . "
heston was also known for his political activism .
he attended king 's 1963 march on washington and stood near the podium as king delivered his " i have a dream " speech .
new york ( cnn ) -- longtime local news anchor sue simmons will no longer fill her familiar co-anchor chair at new york 's nbc station , according to a company statement .
simmons , 68 , who has spent more than three decades on-air for wnbc and was reportedly at one time the highest paid local television anchor in the country , will not get her contract renewed when it expires in june .
" we have tremendous respect and admiration for sue simmons , " said dawn rowan , a spokesperson for the station .
the announcement of her departure spawned a " save sue simmons " facebook page , and prompted other social media postings about her past exploits .
her anchoring is punctuated by what some called a quintessential new york attitude , and her often sassy comments , smirks and grins go against what might be considered typical news anchor decor .
jack cafferty , a cnn commentator who co-anchored with simmons for 13 of the 32 years she has worked for wnbc , called her a " breath of fresh air in the otherwise stuffy , pretentious world of journalism . "
simmons did not immediately return calls seeking comment .
( cnn ) the united states is now working on the assumption that charlie hebdo attacker said kouachi met american terrorist cleric anwar al-awlaki at some point in yemen and received orders from al qaeda in the arabian peninsula ( aqap ) to carry out an attack , a u.s. official tells cnn .
u.s. officials sunday said american authorities do n't have evidence yet directly linking aqap to specifically ordering the paris attack last week at the offices of the satirical magaine .
" we do n't have credible information , at least as yet , to indicate who was responsible , who sponsored this act .
french security agencies had been monitoring said kouachi and his brother , cherif , but stopped months before the two carried out the attack that left 12 people dead .
the french monitoring faded despite a previous tip-off from american intelligence agencies that one of them had likely trained with al qaeda in yemen , a french news magazine reported saturday .
pelletier shared the details of his reporting with cnn .
( cnn ) -- syrian state tv aired saturday what it said was a confession by citizen journalist ali mahmoud othman , who activists say was arrested in march after he helped foreign journalists escape from the besieged city of homs .
reporters without borders , the journalist watchdog group , said last month it was " extremely concerned " for the life of othman after his detention .
othman was transferred to damascus two days after his arrest by the intelligence services in aleppo on march 28 , the group said .
activists fear he may have been subjected to torture in detention .
rafiq lutf , described as a syrian media researcher , told the state tv program he had spoken to othman for seven hours uninterrupted , all of it videotaped .
his subject states his name is " ali othman aka al-jid from baba amr of homs .
i work as photography director and live streaming with khalid abu salah at the media center .
i communicate with the satellite channels , on top of them al jazeera , arabiya , cnn , bbc , sky news and turkish channel trt . "
in the interview othman describes how the media operation was set up in baba amr , and talks about demonstrations and the role of armed groups .
but heather blake , uk representative for reporters without borders , said : " research by our organization and many other organizations indicates that many human rights defenders who are detained have been shown to give false confessions under much duress and torture .
with white handkerchiefs waving in the camp nou to indicate the fans ' frustration at what appeared to be another disappointing setback , lionel messi came to the rescue on sunday to earn a 2-1 victory against athletic bilbao .
having been knocked out of the champions league , then losing the copa del rey final to real madrid , gerardo martino 's team had been staring down the barrel of an unthinkable fourth successive defeat .
with atletico madrid having gone seven points clear at the top of the table with friday 's 2-0 win over elche , it would 've spelled disaster if barca could not recover from aritz aduriz 's opener for the fourth-placed basques .
the early signs were n't good .
after messi had a goal ruled out for offside , aduriz hit the barca woodwork with a spectacular overhead kick , then alexis sanchez smacked the bilbao bar when it seemed easier to score .
aduriz ghosted through barca 's frail defense to slot in a low shot five minutes after the break , and teammate markel susaeta had an effort ruled out for offside soon after .
to the home supporters ' intense relief , pedro provided the equalizer in the 72nd minute with his 15th league goal this season , diverting a low shot from sanchez into the net from close range .
soon after that , messi picked himself up after being fouled on the edge of the penalty area and fired a free-kick through the wall .
( cnn ) -- they were a parisian group of artists that gave birth to the impressionism art movement , so it is perhaps fitting that one of their devotees records the french open with those broad brushstrokes .
year after year , joel blanc makes the short pilgrimage from his paris studio to the stade roland garros for the tennis year 's second grand slam , aiming to encapsulate the tournament 's magic onto his canvas .
in a style reminiscent of those impressionist forefathers , he brings to life in his paintings what he witnesses taking place in front of him on the famous red clay courts .
" when i begin the painting , i do n't know exactly what will happen but i know what i want to introduce in the beginning .
after , it 's a story of life , " he told cnn 's open court show .
" i know how it begins , but i do n't know how it finishes . "
it 's an approach that has won over tennis stars such as roger federer or rafael nadal -- both fans and owners of the frenchman 's paintings -- or television companies , who invite him to cover sporting events .
making his first visit to depict the action on the main court of philippe chatrier in 2004 , blanc has returned every year since , attracted by both the stadium and the french open 's allure and charm .
" roland garros is my favorite place , " says the 68-year-old .
" it 's very special , it 's near to my studio , i 'm like a neighbor .
( cnn ) -- a magnitude-4.4 earthquake rattled residents of southern california early tuesday morning , according to the u.s. geological survey .
there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries , authorities said .
however , police and fire officials said they had received calls from residents awakened by the quake .
its epicenter was 11 miles east-southeast of the los angeles civic center , the usgs reported .
it struck at 4:04 a.m. " first it was a small one and then a big one , " said chris curiel , who was working at the vallejo mini market in whittier , a town near the epicenter .
he said merchandise on the shelves began shaking , but there was no damage .
because his market is a gas station , earthquakes are a bit more worrisome , he said .
curiel said he knew immediately an earthquake was happening , and he has felt one before .
ravi singh , night shift supervisor at a 7-eleven in pico rivera -- the town a mile east-northeast of the epicenter -- told cnn he was making coffee when the store 's windows started rattling .
there was no damage , he said .
" everything is fine . "
ireporter says " it sounded like there were kids dancing upstairs " although the temblor was centered 11 miles below the earth 's surface , according to usgs , the movement was enough to awaken some southern californians .
" it felt like two quick jolts , " said cnn 's rosalina nieves .
" i felt some shaking , and i was n't sure if it was just my upstairs neighbor ... but then you definitely felt two quick jolts . "
she said the movement lasted for a couple of seconds .
new york ( cnn ) -- a self-described " ex-madam " who claims she supplied fellow city comptroller candidate eliot spitzer with escorts several years ago is facing charges of illegally distributing prescription drugs , authorities said .
kristin davis , 38 , was arrested on monday night and charged with selling adderall , xanax and other drugs .
she 's also accused of orchestrating the sale of approximately 180 oxycodone pills for cash .
the candidate was released tuesday on $ 100,000 bail , with a preliminary hearing scheduled for september 5 .
prosecutors said she will have strict pretrial supervision .
spitzer , weiner and why new york is talking about sex davis is charged with four counts of distributing and possessing with intent to distribute a controlled substance .
she told the witness she provided these drugs to people at house parties , authorities say .
an attorney for davis was could not be immediately reached for comment .
davis ' campaign manager , andrew miller , said he was aware of the arrest but could n't provide any information .
a police cruiser draped in black banners and topped with a rose sat in front of the jupiter , florida , police department monday morning , paying testament to a 20-year department veteran killed sunday while helping escort president barack obama through palm beach county .
officer bruce st. laurent , 55 , was traveling with the presidential motorcade around 4:45 p.m. sunday southbound on interstate 95 through west palm beach when he pulled his motorcycle onto an on ramp , so he could stop traffic from accessing the highway , according to a statement released monday by palm beach county sheriff 's office spokeswoman teri barbera .
jupiter police chief frank kitzerow said st. laurent was transported to nearby st. mary 's medical center , where he died sunday .
barbera told cnn the statement details preliminary findings , and the ongoing investigation " could take months . "
when the palm beach county sheriff 's office and the florida highway patrol complete their investigation , state attorneys will determine whether any charges will be filed in the case .
in addition to the standard package of suvs , he said three buses , including the president 's campaign bus , comprised sunday 's motorcade south through florida .
morris said motorcycle police often act as escorts and handle intersection control for motorcades .
rep. carolyn mccarthy says the effects of bullying are becoming more severe .
but on april 6 , after enduring what his mother called " relentless " bullying at school , carl hanged himself with an extension cord in the family 's springfield , massachusetts , home .
that question haunts me to this day , and i will probably never know the answer , " sirdeaner walker said in a house education and labor committee hearing on school bullying .
" he had just started secondary school in september , and we had high hopes , " she said .
" but i knew something was wrong , almost from the start . "
watch sirdeaner walker describe finding her son 's body » he did n't want to say at first , she said , but reluctantly told her of classmates who called him names , " saying he acted gay and calling him faggot , " walker said .
" hearing that , my heart just broke , " she said .
rep. carolyn mccarthy , d-new york , said the emotional and physical effects of bullying are becoming more severe and that the acts of bullying can continue outside school .
according to the national youth violence prevention resource center , about 30 percent of school-aged children in the united states are estimated to be involved in bullying , as either a bully or the target of a bully .
chongqing , china ( cnn ) -- anna he is like a lot of kids about to turn 10 .
she plays with her brother , fights with her sister , practices piano , hates vegetables and is adapting to her new life -- adapting , because even though she 's chinese , this little girl seems far from happy about living in china .
anna he , 9 , finds it hard to adjust to life after she was returned to her biological parents , jack and casey he .
" it 's one of the worst places i have ever been .
when i first went to the big city , there was so [ much ] pollution and so [ it ] always makes me feel bad .
i also do n't like the smell . "
her new life in china began after the tennessee supreme court ruled last year that anna should be returned to her biological parents , jack and casey he , known in china as he shaoqiang and qin luo respectively .
anna was born prematurely while her parents were in memphis , tennessee , on temporary work visas .
unable to cope financially , they decided to give her up temporarily until they were able to get back on their feet .
that 's when jerry and louise baker stepped in and agreed to take temporary custody of anna , when she was 4 weeks old .
the bakers said they made a verbal agreement with the hes to take care of anna until she was 18 .
they wanted their daughter back soon after her first birthday and eventually went to court to have their parental rights restored .
after a bitter legal battle , the hes finally prevailed and anna was returned to her parents .
bogota , colombia ( cnn ) -- " easy money , fast and effective . "
investors protest outside the headquarters of dmg , one of many companies accused of defrauding the public .
that was the name of one of the businesses in which millions of colombians deposited their life savings after being promised short-term returns of as much as 150 percent .
but government officials say the businesses were pyramid schemes that raked in at least $ 200 million from 3 million people .
the government has said it knows who most of those responsible are , but they have escaped .
the government is tracking them down .
sergio munoz is among those who lost their savings .
" now , it comes to light that they have robbed us .
it was with complicity of the authorities who permit this -- knowing that it is illegal for it to be permitted . "
the government says the businesses defrauded the public by offering false promises of a sure investment .
wilson rodriguez handed over the equivalent of $ 80,000 to a money man who offered him what he thought were assets in hotels and property in exchange .
now , he does n't know whom to approach .
" i do n't even have enough to care for my family , " he said .
" i lent money and what i make from my salary goes to pay off debts .
i lost everything . "
infuriated investors have demonstrated outside the headquarters of several companies in question across the nation .
worried that the situation has already led to physical altercations and riots , president alvaro uribe asked that authorities act immediately to bring those responsible to justice .
françois hollande , the newly-inaugurated president of france , may be as notable for what he has not done as for what he has .
hollande led the socialist party for 11 years and was leader when royale ran unsuccessfully for president against nicolas sarkozy in 2007 .
he immediately spooked markets , and germany , france 's key ally in the european union , with his victory speech .
" austerity can no longer be something that is inevitable , " he said , apparently undercutting the belt-tightening that his predecessor and german chancellor angela merkel have urged on european countries beset by debt .
hollande emerged as his party 's candidate for president after the downfall of dominique strauss-kahn , who was once considered the socialist favorite to defeat sarkozy .
but strauss-kahn was arrested in may 2011 after a new york hotel maid alleged that he tried to rape her .
charges against the former imf chief were later dropped in the united states , but he has been warned he could be investigated in france over accusations he participated in a prostitution ring .
but hollande was not an accidental candidate despite the way he has come to power , one commentator said .
( cnn ) -- fang lizhi , a famed chinese democracy activist , has died in the united states , where he fled in exile more than 20 years ago , fellow activists said .
fang died friday in tucson , arizona , according to wang dan , a prominent student leader of the 1989 tiananmen square student protests .
" my most , most respected teacher fang lizhi has died , " wang wrote on facebook .
" i am immensely sad .
i hope that the chinese people will forever remember him , that in our history there was a thinker named fang ( lizhi ) who inspired a 1989 generation and awakened the people to aspire to human rights and democracy . "
he added , " sooner or later , there will be a day when china will be proud of fang lizhi . "
fang , an accomplished astrophysicist , served as vice president of the elite university of science and technology at hefei , anhui province .
he was one of the three noted intellectuals who were publicly criticized during the " anti-bourgeois liberalization " campaign at that time , though fang continued to speak out for democracy .
after the bloody crackdown during the tiananmen protests on june 4 , 1989 , fang and his wife li shuxian sought refuge inside the u.s. embassy in beijing .
a year later , they were allowed to leave china for britain and were soon after granted political refuge in the united states .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- a young , female suicide bomber was behind a blast in pakistan that killed at least 46 people and injured 105 others at a food distribution point , an official said sunday .
the determination was made from remains of the bomber that were recovered .
the pakistani taliban claimed responsibility for saturday 's blast in that asian nation 's tribal region .
azam tariq , the central spokesman for the pakistani taliban , told cnn in a phone call that it targeted people who had formed what he called a pro-government and anti-taliban group .
he said that more than 300 people were going through a security screening to get food and other items at the time of the explosion .
khar is the headquarters of bajaur agency , one of the seven districts of pakistan 's tribal region bordering afghanistan .
jamal said that those who had been internally displaced during military efforts in bajaur agency get a month 's supply of food and other goods .
( cnn ) -- in the sight of rio de janeiro 's christ the redeemer , the man who would be king awaits his destiny .
if diego maradona is a deity to argentines , then messi is a prophet .
" he was our water in the desert , " national coach alejandro sabella said of messi after his side 's world cup quarterfinal victory over belgium .
messi may not be moses -- the ability to turn a rock into a pool of water is a stretch too far even for the barcelona star -- but his football powers frequently attract supernatural praise .
after his two goals against nigeria , opposition coach stephen keshi declared that messi was of a different planet -- specifically jupiter , although he did n't explain why .
messi 's achievements are well documented -- 381 goals in 466 matches for barcelona , three european champions league titles and six spanish la liga triumphs only tell half the story .
and yet , back where it all began , he does not receive the same affection as he does in the streets of catalunya .
" the name of maradona will always be a heavy burden on messi 's shoulders , " says cristina perez , one of argentina 's leading sports journalists .
maradona only ever won a spanish cup with barcelona , before guiding napoli to two italian league titles , but it was on the international stage where he truly left his mark -- most notably leading argentina to world cup glory in 1986 .
atlanta , georgia ( cnn ) -- in 1989 , the warnings were dire .
the spike lee film " do the right thing , " critics and columnists said , would provoke violence and disrupt race relations .
spike lee : " i wanted to do a film that would try to show what was happening at the time . "
" this movie is dynamite under every seat , " wrote newsweek 's jack kroll .
other commentators believed the film would harm the candidacy of david dinkins , an african-american who was running for mayor of new york .
there were no riots .
dinkins was elected .
" do the right thing " had a successful run at the box office -- if not as successful as lee and his supporters hoped -- and was nominated for two academy awards .
twenty years later , the film still maintains a hold on the imagination .
in 2007 , the american film institute ranked it as one of the 100 best american films .
he 'd made a movie about race in america that empathized with all the participants , " he wrote in 2001 .
so what is the thing about " do the right thing ? "
lee 's first two films , " she 's got ta have it " ( 1986 ) and " school daze " ( 1988 ) , had marked him as a rising young filmmaker .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- a pakistani court monday gave police two weeks to prepare their case for charging five americans whom police suspect of planning terrorist attacks .
authorities have said they plan to prosecute the five men -- who are being held in jail -- under the country 's anti-terrorism act .
a court hearing was set for january 18 .
police have said they are confident that the americans were planning terrorist acts , according to tahir gujjrar , deputy superintendent of police in sargodha , where the men were arrested december 9 .
the men wanted to martyr themselves , he said .
jaish-e-mohammed is the group believed to be responsible for the murder of journalist daniel pearl .
but mohammed ameer khan rokhri , an attorney representing the men , said they testified on the quran , the muslim holy book , " that they have no connection with any banned organization , " including jaish-e-mohammed or al qaeda .
they told the court , " we are going to afghanistan to help the muslims who have been injured by the nato forces and other afghan forces , " the attorney said .
the five young men are identified as ahmed abdullah minni , umar farooq , aman hassan yemer , waqar hussain khan and ramy zamzam .
all are in their early 20s except yemer , who , according to the interrogation report from pakistani police , is 18 years old .
two of the suspects are pakistani-american , two are yemeni-american , and one is egyptian-american .
two years ago at the worlds , the jamaican false started in the 100-meter final and was disqualified .
his countryman and training partner , yohan blake , took advantage to claim gold in daegu , south korea .
there was no false start for bolt on sunday in rainy moscow and he captured his second world title in the 100 meters .
his time of 9.77 seconds was well off his world record of 9.58 seconds but still good enough to comfortably beat american justin gatlin and jamaican nesta carter .
bolt now owns six world championship gold medals to go along with six gold medals at the olympics .
" i am happy but i wanted to do better , " bolt was quoted as saying by the bbc .
" my legs were sore after the semifinals . "
perhaps mindful of what happened in south korea , bolt 's start was cautious and gatlin led him early .
but after getting fully into his stride , bolt -- despite not feeling at his best -- eased past gatlin and coasted home .
gatlin finished in 9.85 seconds and carter in 9.95 .
" i thought i had it for a second but then i saw these long legs coming on my right side , " gatlin told reporters .
bolt last year called himself a " living legend " and the result in moscow on sunday wo n't diminish his confidence .
it likely also lifted jamaican sport .
jamaica was left reeling when two-time 200-meter olympic champion veronica campbell-brown , former 100-meter world-record holder asafa powell and olympic relay gold medalist sherone simpson tested positive for banned substances before the world championships .
( cnn ) -- fans of " dancing with the stars " know how grueling the competition can be .
i hope you dance , " harper told cnn on wednesday . "
' dwts ' thinks big for 17th season cast harper announced in march that she had been diagnosed with leptomeningeal carcinomatosis , a condition in which cancer cells spread into the membranes that surround the brain and spinal cord .
but harper told cnn that she does not have brain cancer .
" i have lung cancer , " she said .
" it is situated in the lining of the brain ; it 's not even in the brain . "
her husband , tony cacciotti , encouraged her to sign on with the hit abc dance competition , she said .
he runs the couple 's production company and had been considering her participation for a few years .
the actress said she initially resisted the idea .
" i said , ' give me one good reason , ' " harper recalled .
" he said , ' you have cancer !
get up there , and show people that you can dance and do -- and the doctors said it 's fine to exercise .
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- a los angeles county grand jury has indicted the former city administrator of vernon , california , an industrial city that borders scandal-plagued bell , on three felony counts after an investigation into questionable business practices .
court documents show that donal o'callaghan has been indicted on two counts of conflict of interest and a count of public officer crime related to the misappropriation of public funds .
the los angeles county district attorney 's office says the counts against o'callaghan , 54 , involve an alleged misappropriation of more than $ 140,000 .
" the law prevents public officials from making contracts the have a personal interest in and mr. o'callaghan made a contract that paid his wife money , " said deputy district attorney max huntsman .
" we 're alleging he paid her more than $ 140,000 . "
the grand jury was looking into business deals between o'callaghan and his wife , kimberly mcbride .
according to vernon city records , the city hired mcbride in 2009 as a $ 40-per-hour consultant and for " administrative account services . "
" it 's preposterous that he was indicted for the hiring of his wife , which was done with the knowledge and consent of the city attorney and the city council of vernon , " defense lawyer mark werksman told cnn .
" we are seeing an overreaction and hysterical response to the scandal in neighboring bell , " he said .
" they are looking for examples of municipal government corruption behind every bush .
huntsman disagreed with werksman 's contention .
' i think it 's a reaction to vernon , which has a long history of criminal behavior by public officials .
we heard complaints against mister o'callaghan , looked into the law and found a basis for the charges , " huntsman said .
" the fact that it coincides with criminal charges against officials in bell has to do with raised public awareness about corruption in municipal governments . "
( cnn ) -- tiger woods will go into the final round of the barclays four shots off the lead after completing his second successive round of two-under-par 69 .
it marked a slight improvement after the world no. 1 ended his rain-delayed second round five shots behind the same pacemaker , matt kuchar , earlier saturday .
however , kuchar -- who can move to the top of the fedex cup standings above current leader woods if he wins the $ 1.44 million first prize -- was caught at the top by fellow american gary woodland after 54 holes .
kuchar carded a third-round 70 , while woodland went around two shots better to join him on 12 under .
they were one shot ahead of kevin chappell , who broke the course record at liberty national in new jersey with a flawless nine-birdie 62 .
it was the second time he has posted that score this season , and lifted the 27-year-old up from 43rd place at the halfway stage .
kuchar , 35 , triumphed at the barclays in 2010 when it was played at ridgewood country club , and is seeking his third victory this year .
woods -- who has won a leading five times on the pga tour in 2013 -- moved up from a tie for eighth as he birdied two of his last three holes .
however , the 14-time major winner got a shot back at the eighth hole and picked up another at 13 before a strong finish left him in a tie for fourth with englishman david lynn , who also shot 69 .
new york ( cnn ) -- a self-described " ex-madam " who claims she supplied fellow city comptroller candidate eliot spitzer with escorts several years ago is facing charges of illegally distributing prescription drugs , authorities said .
kristin davis , 38 , was arrested on monday night and charged with selling adderall , xanax and other drugs .
she 's also accused of orchestrating the sale of approximately 180 oxycodone pills for cash .
the candidate was released tuesday on $ 100,000 bail , with a preliminary hearing scheduled for september 5 .
prosecutors said she will have strict pretrial supervision .
" prescription drug abuse is the fastest-growing drug problem in this country , resulting in more overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined , and this office has a zero tolerance policy towards anyone who helps to spread this plague at any level , " preet bharara , manhattan u.s. attorney , said in a statement .
spitzer , weiner and why new york is talking about sex davis is charged with four counts of distributing and possessing with intent to distribute a controlled substance .
she faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count , if convicted .
she told the witness she provided these drugs to people at house parties , authorities say .
davis ' campaign manager , andrew miller , said he was aware of the arrest but could n't provide any information .
lady bird johnson 's real name was claudia .
she was the widow of lyndon baines johnson , sworn in as the nation 's 36th president on november 22 , 1963 , just hours after president john f. kennedy 's assassination .
she was released and returned to her austin home on june 28 .
upon news of her death , texas gov. rick perry ordered flags in the state to be flown at half-staff .
" lady bird johnson embodied all that is beautiful and good about the great state of texas , " perry said .
the former first lady was born claudia alta taylor in 1912 in karnack , texas , a small town near the louisiana line .
she got her unusual nickname while still a toddler from her nurse , who proclaimed the child was as " purty as a lady bird . "
lady bird attended st. mary 's episcopal school for girls , a junior college near dallas and then transferred to the university of texas at austin .
she graduated with a bachelor of arts in history in 1933 , then stayed an extra year to earn a journalism degree .
( instyle.com ) -- style , beauty and a certain je ne sais quoi is in the genes for these ultra-glamorous mother/daughter duos .
goldie hawn and kate hudson goldie made a name for herself starring in romantic comedies that highlighted her sense of humor as well as her acting chops .
if that sounds familiar , it 's because it 's the same exact career trajectory her gorgeous daughter kate hudson chose to take .
along with loads of talent , these two also share a love for a laid-back california-girl style .
blythe danner and gwyneth paltrow acclaimed actress blythe danner passed along regal good looks and a whole lot of talent to her oscar-winning daughter .
the consummately chic gwyneth paltrow is well on her way to becoming a lifestyle guru for her generation with her tip-filled e-mail newsletter goop .
instyle.com : hollywood 's hottest moms and , although her sexy ultra-minis may seem far afield from her mother 's sophisticated suits , she draws inspiration from blythe : " in her , i see the incredible beauty of someone who has lived a life . "
demi moore and rumer willis rumer willis scored more than just demi moore 's raven locks and high cheekbones -- the up-and-coming actress has an all-access pass to her mother 's killer wardrobe .
despite this shared resource , rumer has developed her own enviable edgy-glam style , a true departure from mom 's ever-ladylike looks .
but the teenager , who is helping her mum design a line of clothing for macy 's , is out to prove she 's a creative force to be reckoned with , too .
( cnn ) -- history was made on two fronts when joao sousa beat julien benneteau to win the malaysian open .
while sousa celebrated becoming the first portuguese man to claim an atp title , benneteau was n't nearly as joyous .
he slumped to 0-9 in finals to tie the unwanted men 's record in the open era , which began in 1968 .
benneteau 's fellow frenchman , cedric pioline , and american pat dupre also lost their first nine finals , although pioline went on to triumph five times -- he was a two-time grand slam finalist -- and dupre ended his drought in hong kong in 1982 .
no man has lost his first 10 finals in the open era , said the atp .
he did little wrong on the point , approaching the net with a good forehand , but sousa unleashed a stunning forehand down the line .
benneteau then wasted a flurry of break points in the final set and fell 2-6 7-5 6-4 .
" i tried everything today , " benneteau , 31 , told the atp 's website .
" i played very well , particularly i was very aggressive and i did n't let him play for two sets almost .
i had match point and i played the point perfectly .
read a version of this story in arabic .
eddie ray routh was crying , shirtless , shoeless and smelling of alcohol when police caught up with him walking the streets of his hometown of lancaster , texas .
his family did n't understand what he -- a marine veteran suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder -- was going through , he told the officer last september 2 , according to a police report .
he had a simple message that was as much a plea as it was a complaint : i 'm hurting .
that visit -- which came after routh , angry that his father was going to sell his gun , left the house and threatened , his mother told police , to " blow his brains out " -- prompted him to be placed in protective custody and sent to dallas ' green oaks hospital for a mental evaluation .
six months later , the 25-year-old routh is in custody once again -- this time in a central texas jail , facing murder charges in the deaths of america 's self-proclaimed most deadly military sniper ever as well as the sniper 's friend .
he is on a suicide watch and under 24-hour camera surveillance , erath county sheriff tommy bryant said monday .
should vets with ptsd , mental illness still have access to guns ?
and he 's already run into further trouble , becoming aggressive with guards in his cell after refusing to give up a spork and dinner tray sunday night , according to the sheriff .
so who is eddie ray routh ?
bryant has said routh was in the marines for four years , though it is unclear how much of that time , if any , was in combat zones .
shay isham , a lawyer appointed by a judge monday morning to represent routh , said his client spent roughly the last two years in and out in veteran affairs medical facilities for treatment of mental issues .
international assistance has begun to flow into nigeria , whose president has vowed to end the terror threat plaguing his country .
here 's what you need to know to get caught up : where are the girls ?
it 's anyone 's guess .
boko haram 's leader , abubakar shekau , said in a video that he was going to sell them into slavery , but it 's unknown whether he has .
pentagon spokesman u.s. navy rear adm. john kirby and other officials have said they believe the girls may have been separated into smaller groups , making the task of finding them inordinately more difficult .
gordon brown , a former uk prime minister and the u.n. 's special envoy for global education , speculated that the girls may have been moved into neighboring countries .
" the search must be in niger , cameroon and chad , to see if we can find information , " he said .
what 's being done to find them ?
the united states and britain have sent advisers to help the nigerian government find the girls , stage rescue missions and help in the larger fight to defeat boko haram .
though robert h. richards iv was convicted of rape , the wealthy heir to the du pont family fortune was spared prison by a delaware court in 2009 because he would " not fare well " behind bars , according to court documents cnn obtained tuesday .
richards is a great-grandson of the chemical magnate irenee du pont .
he received an eight-year prison sentence in 2009 for raping his toddler daughter , but the sentencing order signed by a delaware judge said " defendant will not fare well " in prison and the eight years were suspended .
the documents were never sealed , yet the ruling managed to go unnoticed until march , when richards ' former wife , tracy richards , filed a lawsuit in delaware superior court on behalf of their children alleging " personal injuries arising from the childhood sexual abuse . "
the suit seeks unspecified monetary damages .
while he was convicted of raping his daughter , richards has never been charged with sexually molesting his son , according to jason miller , a spokesman for the delaware attorney general 's office .
cnn tried repeatedly to reach richards and eugene maurer , the attorney who represented him in 2009 .
cnn asked if he had a comment ; he has not offered one .
montgomery , alabama ( cnn ) -- from the time he first emerged as a civil rights leader , the rev. martin luther king jr. lived with the threat of death , but he never wavered in his commitment to non-violence .
three days later , his house was bombed .
king knew what could happen when he led demonstrations in birmingham , alabama , in 1963 , facing fire hoses and police dogs in an effort to desegregate downtown businesses .
another aide , the rev. wyatt tee walker , said when he kissed his own wife and children goodbye to go there , " i thought i would never see them again .
i did n't think i would come out of birmingham alive .
i did n't think king would . "
thousands of protesters surrounded bangkok 's government house on friday seeking the removal of thailand 's embattled caretaker government amid soaring political tensions following the ouster of former prime minister yingluck shinawatra .
the people 's democratic reform committee , which has been protesting the government since november , is pushing to replace the caretaker administration with an unelected interim government .
the pdrc has been seeking to rid thai politics of the alleged influence of former prime minister thaksin shinawatra .
thaksin is yingluck 's brother and a telecommunications tycoon who was overthrown in a 2006 military coup .
some 20,000 protesters massed in the capital and split into groups .
that is the former prime minister 's residence , but yingluck has already vacated it .
lt. gen. paradon patthanathabut , security adviser to the government , told cnn the pdrc had mobilized supporters from the countryside to join the protests in the capital .
he said smaller groups also gathered at bangkok television stations and other locations around the city .
" we are monitoring ( the situation ) closely , " he said , adding that 60,000 security forces were on standby .
at the royal thai police club , command center of the temporary security task force , the center for the administration for peace and order , police used tear gas and water cannon on protesters who attempted to enter the complex , said paradon .
four people were injured .
( cnn ) -- the mosque in roxbury was crowded past capacity , with about 1,200 college students , urban hipsters and east africans lining the hallways and front stairs .
the lanky , blue-eyed imam , a convert originally from oklahoma , is known for tackling taboo topics and spicing his sermons with pop culture references .
( on the sunday after his sermon , webb , who has extensive training in classical islamic learning , answered religious questions on twitter about " the walking dead . " )
" it 's code red , " he preached last friday , pounding the minbar for emphasis .
" people do not like us , and we need to get with it ! "
" one day we 're attacked by fox news , the next day we 're attacked by muslims who actually pay to have facebook ads about us , " webb said .
" i mean , that 's the level of attacks that we 're dealing with as a community and as a people .
one brother told me , like what 's going to happen next ?
webb himself has been subject to some of those attacks , as conservative media outlets have sought to tie him to alton nolen , an oklahoma man accused of beheading a co-worker , and the tsarnaev brothers , suspects in the boston marathon bombing .
the 14-year-old stunned the golfing world when he made the halfway cut as the youngest player to enter the prestigious major , finishing as augusta 's leading amateur .
but guan is likely to be just the start as china prepares to unveil its next crop of golfing prodigies at this week 's china open in tianjin .
china 's brat pack is led by 12-year-old ye wocheng , who tees off as the youngest player in the history of the european tour on thursday .
alongside him will be15-year-old bai zhengkai , who earned his place in the field after winning the china junior match play championship , as well as qualifier dou zecheng , a relative old-timer at 16 years of age .
that trio will all be hoping to follow the headline-grabbing example set by guan at last month 's masters .
" we 're always all helping each other out , and turning to one another for advice , " explained ye , who at 12 years and 242 days will beat the record for the youngest competitor at the china open set by guan last year .
" i think the main reason for the success of young chinese players is that we pick up the game at an early age , and we practice really hard .
hopefully that practice can pay off this week . "
the chinese youngsters will be up against the likes of europe 's ryder cup captain paul mcginley and scotland 's ryder cup player paul lawrie at the binhai lake course , but if ye finds that youth is not quite a match for experience he has a secret weapon to hand .
( cnn ) -- the body of actor james gandolfini has been returned to the united states , a family friend said monday .
a charter flight to newark , new jersey , on sunday night carried the body of the " sopranos " star , michael kobold said .
an autopsy determined his death was the result of a heart attack , kobold said .
a funeral service for family and friends is scheduled for thursday in new york , kobold said .
gandolfini , 51 , died last week while on a working vacation in rome .
" jim was happy , he was healthy , he was doing really fine , " kobold said recently .
" he was on vacation with his son .
he has an 8-month-old daughter .
everything was going great .
i just spoke to him on father 's day . "
the same day gandolfini died , he had visited the vatican and dined with his son , the family said .
after he returned to his room , his son alerted hotel staff that he was not answering knocks on the bathroom door .
gandolfini was in italy to receive an award at the taormina film fest in the sicilian town of taormina .
instead of the award ceremony , the festival paid tribute to gandolfini 's lifetime achievements .
in the widely successful series , he played tony soprano , a tough new jersey crime boss .
he also appeared in various movies , including " zero dark thirty " and " killing them softly . "
( aol autos ) -- with car companies going in into bankruptcy and shedding famous names left and right , it 's important to remember that today 's automotive titans started out as tiny startups , not unlike silicon valley entrepreneurs .
general motors was almost called international motors co .
names like ford , general motors , chrysler , toyota and porsche call to mind the huge corporate successes of the past and the great automotive families that survive today .
but behind every brand name , there is a flesh-and-blood inventor , entrepreneur or industrialist .
most of the time , they gave their name to the companies .
and that fame was often about all they ended up with .
david buick , who invented the overhead valve engine , founded the buick motor car co. in 1903 .
william c. durant , the industrialist who would eventually found gm , took over the company in 1904 , when it ran into financial trouble .
buick stayed on as a director , but left in 1908 , never making much money from the enterprise .
he reportedly died in 1929 , unable to afford one of his cars .
durant kept the name for one of his company divisions and for the car , even though he worried that people might pronounce it " boo-ick , " according to one author .
in another example , robert hupp invented the hupmobile , ' a two-seat runabout , in 1908 .
but he sold his stock in his hupp motor car company in 1911 .
he turned around and founded the hupp corp. that same year .
investors in his first firm took him to court to make him drop the " hupp " from his new company 's name and they won .
( cnn ) india made the perfect start to its defense of cricket 's world cup with an emphatic 76-run victory over arch-rival pakistan in a pool b opener in adelaide sunday .
inspired by a century from man-of-the-match virat kohli , india piled up 300 for seven wickets in its 50 overs , with pakistan dismissed for 224 in 47 overs .
misbah-ul-haq top-scored for pakistan with 76 before giving shami his fourth wicket , but he could find little support from its middle and lower order batsman and the result had an air of inevitably about it as wickets tumbled .
earlier , kohli , given two chances when dropped on three and 76 , became the first indian player to score a century against pakistan in a world cup match .
he shared century stands with opener shikhar dhawan ( 73 ) and suresh raina , who smashed 74 off 56 balls against a wilting pakistan bowling attack , with 83 runs coming off the final 10 overs .
" it 's one of the biggest wins of my career .
( cnn ) -- uk lawmakers have voted in the house of commons to recognize palestine as a state " as a contribution to securing a negotiated two state solution . "
the motion was backed overwhelmingly monday by 274 votes to 12 .
however , fewer than half of the 650 mps in the house of commons took part in the debate .
the motion passed was , " that this house believes that the government should recognise the state of palestine alongside the state of israel , as a contribution to securing a negotiated two state solution .
the measure is mainly symbolic and is not binding on the government .
however , it lends added weight within europe to calls for palestinian statehood .
ten days earlier , the new government in sweden said it would recognize a palestinian state .
" a two-state solution requires mutual recognition and a will to coexist peacefully .
therefore , sweden will recognise the state of palestine , " said prime minister stefan lofven in his first statement of government policy .
' not a gift , but a right ' the uk vote came after five hours of debate in the house .
former foreign secretary malcolm rifkind , of the conservative party , told mps that during his time in office in the 1990s , the united kingdom committed " for the first time to a two-state solution with a palestinian state . "
" i have never wavered in that view and i believe that the earlier that state comes about the better , both for the palestinians and for the middle east as a whole , " he said .
shadow foreign minister ian lucas , of the opposition labour party , said the motion would be supported by his party but that the timing and manner of deciding whether to recognize palestinian statehood was a matter for the current coalition government .
little rock , arkansas ( cnn ) -- former president bill clinton suggested on saturday that the fall in hispanic turnout for democrats in 2014 was partly due to president barack obama 's decision to not issue an executive order on immigration .
clinton also handicapped the disastrous midterms for democrats .
" there was a collapse of the youth vote , the african-american vote held fairly steady , " clinton said .
" we had a little bit of a loss of the hispanic vote , perhaps because the president did n't issue the immigration order .
but it was a tough call for him because had he done so , a lot of others would have lost by even more .
it was a difficult call . "
in september , obama decided to postpone issuing an executive action on immigration until after november 's elections because it would be " more sustainable " then .
clinton said the biggest problem for democrats -- who lost their majority in the senate and fell deeper into the minority in the house -- was that " the people who were against us felt more strongly than the people for us . "
the former president also suggested that a national advertising campaign -- that democrats " did n't have " -- on an economic message and other issues could have " made all the difference in a couple of close races . "
the world 's most expensive player helped real bounce back from last weekend 's 1-0 " el clasico " defeat to barcelona as the big-spending capital outfit came back from 2-1 down in an explosive final 20 minutes .
however , unbeaten barca stayed five points clear at the top -- having played one more match -- with a 2-1 victory at deportivo la coruna as lionel messi scored twice .
ronaldo , making his first appearance at the bernabeu in two months following ankle problems , crossed for sergio ramos to head the opening goal in the 31st minute .
however , fernando soriano leveled with a deflected shot in the 58th minute and kalu uche put lowly almeria head just three minutes later as real failed to clear a corner .
the hosts equalized with 17 minutes left as argentina forward gonzalo higuain kept up his hot scoring run with a predatory finish after the almeria defense did not deal with a cross from the left .
ronaldo wrapped it up a minute later from higuain 's low cross , and was booked for tearing off his shirt to pose in front of his adoring fans .
( cnn ) -- the wife of fugitive libyan leader moammar gadhafi , three of his children and some of his grandchildren arrived in algeria on monday morning , algerian diplomats said .
mourad benmehidi , the algerian ambassador to the united nations , said he relayed the news to secretary-general ban ki-moon earlier monday .
benmehidi said his country granted entrance to gadhafi 's wife , safia , his daughter , aisha , sons hannibal and mohamed and their children on " humanitarian grounds . "
in fact , u.n. security council resolution 1970 , passed on february 26 , includes the names of all three gadhafi children who are now in algeria as being subject to a " travel ban " because of their " closeness of association with ( the ) regime . "
the u.n. ban requires " all member states " to prevent them and others listed from entering their territories , unless there is some special circumstance that the council agrees warrants an exception .
the resolution also allows the nation -- in this case , algeria -- to determine " on a case-by-case basis that such entry or transit is required to advance peace and stability ( and ) notifies the committee within 48 hours after making such a determination . "
news on monday of the gadhafi relatives ' departure from libya came the same day that a senior rebel commander reported that khamis gadhafi , a son of the libyan leader and military commander in his regime , had been killed sunday night .
suspicion that a norwegian citizen was involved in the deadly westgate mall attack in kenya last month " has been strengthened " but is not yet confirmed , norway 's security service said .
the norwegian citizen , said to be of somali origin , is believed to have ties to mohamed abdikadir mohamed , known as ikrima , who is regarded as one of the most dangerous commanders in the somali terror group al-shabaab .
" it has not yet been determined whether a named norwegian citizen actually took part in the attack or not , " a pst statement said friday .
" based on the information that we have uncovered this far in the investigation , however , the suspicion of his involvement has been strengthened . "
it has also not yet been determined whether the person in question is still alive , the statement said .
but trond hugubakken , head of communications for the pst , told cnn on saturday that the two norwegian officers currently in kenya are not investigating ikrima , only the norwegian citizen and his connections with al-shabaab , as they seek to establish whether he was in kenya .
washington ( cnn ) -- a spending bill that funds the u.s. government for the rest of the budget year passed the senate on tuesday despite complaints about nearly $ 8 billion in what critics called " pork-barrel " projects .
the senate passes a bill to fund the government through the end of the fiscal year .
the omnibus spending bill includes more than 8,000 congressional " earmarks , " which total almost $ 8 billion .
the earmarks have caused critics to question president obama 's pledge to end wasteful spending , but obama administration officials said the bill is a holdover from the previous congress .
" it is in america 's best interest to close the book on the last administration and let the new one hit the ground running , " said sen. daniel inouye , the democratic chairman of the senate appropriations committee .
" if the president were serious about his pledge for change , he would veto this bill .
he wo n't , " mccain said .
the bill funds the u.s. government through september , when the 2008 budget year ends .
senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , postponed the vote last week because he was n't sure supporters had the 60 votes needed to break a potential gop filibuster .
republican critics , led by house minority leader john boehner of ohio , have urged obama to veto the bill because of the earmarks , targeted spending provisions inserted by democratic and republican lawmakers .
( cnn ) -- when petra kvitova won her first grand slam title and the season-ending championships in 2011 , big things were expected of the czech tennis player .
it 's been a bumpy ride since , as the czech struggled to live up to expectations last year , but saturday 's victory in the dubai tennis championships final is evidence that the 22-year-old is getting back on track .
" i 'm glad how i 'm playing right now -- that 's the important thing for me , " said kvitova , who had not won two matches in a row at a wta event since august before last week 's doha tournament .
" i 'm not thinking this is a turning point for me .
yes , it was a lot of great players here and it was hard to beat them , but i 'm still just thinking about my game .
that 's the priority . "
it was the former wimbledon champion 's first title in six months , and her biggest since the wta championships in istanbul , as the world no. 8 took home the $ 442,000 first prize .
" what can i say , i 'm no longer the coach , " paterno told a crowd of about 15 students gathered outside his house late wednesday night .
" it 's going to take some time to get used to .
the crowd cheered and said , " we love you , joe . "
" i love you , too ! "
paterno replied .
paterno 's wife , sue , was visibly upset while standing beside him on the front steps .
john p. surma , vice chairman of trustees , said that president graham spanier was being replaced and paterno , the longtime head football coach , would not finish the remainder of the season .
rod erickson , executive vice president and provost of the school , will be interim president , school officials said .
stunned penn state students congregated after the announcement .
spanier has been president of the school since 1995 .
paterno was given the news of the unanimous decision early wednesday evening in a telephone call made by chairman of the board steve garban and surma .
asked paterno 's reaction , surma said , " that 's a private discussion that i would rather not characterize . "
surma said he hoped that the school 's 95,000 students and hundreds of thousands of alumni would believe the decision " is in the best long-term interest of the university , which is much larger than athletic programs . "
( cnn ) -- last week , we clued you in to all the annoying things that couples must cease doing on facebook .
this week , we 're taking a look at the other side of the coin .
( i.e. , after you 've broken up . )
like , two straws , one milkshake in love .
and suzie detests sharing because she 's an only child , so you know that 's big .
naturally , the two become facebook friends , because , well , the site has 900 million users and based on lord zuckerberg 's official decree , you do n't actually know anyone until you click " friend . "
suzie is happily clicking through johnny 's pictures and scrolling through his timeline when she notices a girl named sally has commented on quite a few snaps and left wall posts with some quite explicit descriptions of what she wants to do to his sloped-shoulder physique .
the next time she and johnny are slurping some frozen milk she asks for the story , and johnny reveals that sally was his old flame , a college sweetheart who has long since lost the sweetness and acquired a whip ( the accessory of choice for anyone in her rather dominating profession ) .
two years into the syrian conflict , president obama has decided it 's finally time to explain it to the american people in a speech he will give from the oval office on tuesday .
but from the beginning , president obama 's strategy in syria -- if he ever had one -- has been confused .
years of dithering , red lines that went unanswered , and a failure to persuade our international allies and the american public to get on board with the president 's nonplan plan , has resulted , not surprisingly , in a confused congress .
sen. marco rubio was for intervention in syria for the past two years , but he can not support obama 's plan for military strikes .
on the democratic side , many who have previously defended obama 's foreign policy as somehow morally superior to his predecessor for its caution and thoughtfulness now seem delighted to support his new war in syria .
obama 's own administration seems confused as well .
secretary of state john kerry has had to backpedal more than once after contradicting official policy in syria , which is admittedly hard to discern .
even gen. martin dempsey , chairman of the joint chiefs of staff , has been an awkward spokesman , spending the better part of the past year telling congress that syrian intervention was unwise .
as eli lake , a correspondent for the daily beast puts it , " on tuesday , dempsey was not much more helpful for the president 's case for war in the senate .
he contradicted president obama 's contention from saturday that delays would not affect the syria war plan , confirming the syrian military was adjusting to press leaks about an early plan . "
chicago , illinois ( cnn ) -- a man suspected of murdering a doctor in chicago , illinois , is trying to skirt the u.s. justice system by fleeing to the french island territory of st. martin , according to prosecutors .
" he 's doing everything possible to protect himself , " said bernie murray , chief of criminal prosecution for the cook county state 's attorney 's office in illinois .
" at the end of the day , he 's making a mockery of both french law and united states law . "
after fleeing to st. martin , hans peterson , 29 , turned himself in to french authorities and allegedly confessed to murdering dr. david cornbleet in october , 2006 .
jon cornbleet , dr. cornbleet 's son , said he has seen a four-page confession in which peterson admits to attacking and killing david cornbleet in his chicago office .
despite the alleged confession , peterson is beyond the reach of u.s. law enforcement .
as a french national on french soil , he can not be sent to the united states for trial , according to a 2002 extradition treaty between the two countries .
u.s. sens. barack obama and dick durbin , both of illinois , sent letters to secretary of state condoleezza rice asking for help extraditing peterson .
in response to the senators , the state department wrote it " will continue to make every effort with the government of france to see that justice is served in this case . "
editor 's note : jane velez-mitchell is host of the hln show , " issues with jane velez-mitchell , " a topical event-driven show with a wide range of viewpoints .
velez-mitchell is the author of " secrets can be murder : what america 's most sensational crimes tell us about ourselves . "
new york ( cnn ) -- hollywood starlet jennifer love hewitt recently obtained a restraining order against a man who she claims had been stalking her since 2007 .
uma thurman had even more frightening brushes with her stalker before he was convicted .
jack jordan visited her house and also tried to get into her on-set trailer .
thurman eventually faced jordan in court , where he was convicted of stalking and aggravated harassment and sentenced to three years probation and psychiatric counseling .
many assume this type of thing is relegated only to those who grace the covers of gossip magazines and movie posters .
sheila ann grayson was n't famous , but that did n't save her .
police in south carolina say grayson was killed by her stalker last may , two weeks after taking out a restraining order against him .
a new study published this month by the department of justice 's bureau of justice statistics estimated based on a survey that 3.4 million americans per year are victims of stalking .
for some perspective , that 's more than the entire population of chicago , illinois .
( cnn ) -- his nickname is " the fever . "
mexican officials say jose carlos moreno flores was a major drug lord in charge of trafficking and operations for a large mexican cartel in the coastal state of guerrero , where the beach resort of acapulco is located .
according to mexico 's ministry of defense , moreno flores was caught sunday in mexico city 's tlalpan district .
guzman , who remains a fugitive , commands such a vast international drug trafficking network and his profits from the illicit trade are so big that he made forbes magazine 's list of the world 's most powerful .
the u.s. drug enforcement administration is offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to the capture of guzman .
officials say moreno flores , who was considered one of guzman 's lieutenants , did business with drug traffickers from costa rica and guatemala from his base of operations in chilpancingo , capital of the state of guerrero .
" the fever " was also allegedly in charge of the cultivation , harvesting and distribution of marijuana in the fertile mountain region of guerrero state .
istanbul , turkey ( cnn ) -- the day after christmas was a tough one for santa in his ancestral homeland of turkey .
a muslim youth group held a demonstration thursday in istanbul , blasting the " jolly old elf " of legend and lore for contributing to moral decay and urging residents to turn against him .
" traditions such as new year celebrations , christmas tree decorations , and santa claus leaving presents are leading to degeneration of our culture and leading to identity crises in our society .
it tears our youth from their own culture and familiarizes them with the culture of the west leading them to embrace those values , " the anatolia youth association said in a statement .
the group used an inflatable plastic santa as a prop -- littering the ground below it with beer cans , a syringe and a cross to illustrate the dangers of inviting santa into turkish homes .
three years ago , the same group stabbed a blow-up santa .
many secular muslims in turkey decorate their homes with christmas trees and santas -- known in turkey as " noel baba , " or father christmas .
despite thursday 's unpleasantness , turkey and ol' claus go way back -- all the way to 4th century .
that 's when , as religious tradition has it , the christian st. nicholas secretly gifted money and other items to residents around his home in what is now the southern turkish city of demre , becoming the model for the modern santa claus .
( lifewire ) -- after his father was diagnosed with dementia in 1996 , anthony lazzara jr. faced a difficult decision : he and his wife , gail , either could place his father , anthony lazzara sr. , in a facility , or they could care for him themselves .
anthony lazzara jr. ( right ) and his wife , gail ( left ) , cared for anthony lazzara sr. at home for eight years .
unable to afford a care facility , the lazzaras brought him home .
she fed him , bathed him and changed his diapers on a daily basis while her husband , a truck driver , was on the road .
" we almost ended up divorcing over the whole deal , " says anthony jr. , 56 .
gail concedes she considered leaving , " but i could n't walk away from my father-in-law . "
two years ago , the lazzaras finally threw in the towel .
a bed became available at a local veterans affairs facility , and the elder lazzara was admitted .
a difficult labor of love as the lazzaras can attest , the stress of caring for an elderly parent can overwhelm a relationship .
chauffeuring loved ones to appointments , handling their shopping , assuming their financial burden , even just living under the same roof can test even the most committed couples .
( cnn ) -- sachin tendulkar extended his world record to 48 test centuries as india battled to avoid the follow-on in the second match of the series against sri lanka in colombo on wednesday .
the 37-year-old " little master " was unbeaten on 108 at the end of the third day , with the tourists on 382-4 -- still 60 runs away from making sri lanka have to bat again .
he had added 141 with debutant suresh raina , who also reached stumps with a patient 66 off 131 balls .
tendulkar came to the crease with india having lost two quick wickets following an opening stand of 165 by virender sehwag and murali vijay .
india had resumed on 95-0 in reply to sri lanka 's 642-4 declared , and sehwag raced from his overnight 64 to 99 before being denied his 21st test century when he was stumped by wicketkeeper prasanna jayawardene off the bowling of suraj randiv .
the offspinner is making his debut following the retirement of world record-holder muttiah muralitharan after sri lanka 's win in the opening match of three in galle .
ajantha mendis then trapped vijay for 58 before randiv dismissed rahul dravid in similar fashion for three .
tendulkar survived a dropped catch by jayawardene off dilhara fernando when on 29 as he added 68 with v.v.s. laxman , who became the second lbw victim of mendis at 241-4 just before the end of the middle session .
he smashed randiv down the ground for six to bring up his 56th test half-century , which took 115 deliveries , and he then accelerated as he swept the same bowler to the boundary for his ninth ton against sri lanka .
( cnn ) the passing of saudi arabia 's king abdullah bin abdul-aziz may not have come as a surprise -- his health had deteriorated in recent years -- but until the very end , the monarch was determined to leave an indelible imprint on the throne by articulating and implementing a clear vision for the country .
abdullah also seemed to possess the political acumen necessary to adjust to the changing needs and increased political awareness of the saudi populace , as well as to the shifting political realities in the middle east and elsewhere .
abdullah did n't officially ascend until 2005 , but he had been the de facto king since 1995 , when his predecessor and half-brother fahd 's health started failing .
although it was the late interior minister naif bin abdulaziz and his successor who devised the kingdom 's multi-pronged counter-terrorism strategy -- part security operation , part public awareness campaign -- that largely contained the threat from al qaeda , abdullah 's resoluteness and assurances to saudis and the international community should not be underestimated .
many might remember abdullah for his foreign policy initiatives , including his plan for comprehensive peace between israel and its arab neighbors -- adopted first by the arab league in 2002 and then again 2007 -- or his efforts to foster interfaith understanding by sponsoring international forums aimed at bringing together followers of various religions to stress their shared values , as his meeting with pope benedict in 2009 illustrated .
the argentine threatened to end the murray 's run after taking the first set before the scot battled back eventually running out a 2-6 6-3 6-0 winner in one hour 42 minutes .
" it 's been a tough year for me , " murray said , atptour.com reported .
but i 've felt better the past few months and hopefully i can have a strong end to the season . "
robredo , meanwhile , reached his 21st atp tour final of his career in easier fashion beating colombia 's santiago giraldo 6-1 6-4 in 70 minutes .
victory for murray on sunday would not only cap a welcome return to form but also boost his chances of reaching the atp tour finals at london 's o2 arena in november .
murray is currently 11th in the standings and needs to picks up at least three places to guarantee his participation in the lucrative season finale .
( cnn ) -- federal prosecutors revealed a photograph thursday that they say show an amish man attacking another amish man by attempting to forcibly cut his beard .
the photo was submitted as evidence in the trial of 16 amish men and women charged with federal hate crimes in connection with last year 's beard-cutting attacks in rural eastern ohio .
to the amish , a beard is a significant symbol of faith and manhood .
the photo was recovered from a disposable camera that was used to document the attacks , which prosecutors say were ordered by samuel mullet sr. , the amish leader of a breakaway sect and one of the 16 defendants .
prosecutors did not identify the attacker or the victim in the photo in their court filings .
if convicted , mullet faces 20 years in prison , according to cnn affiliate woio in cleveland .
in addition , the affidavit alleges that , as the bishop of his amish clan in bergholz , ohio , mullet had " acts of sexual intimacy " with married women as part of " counseling " to " cleanse them of the devil . "
cnn has sought a response from mullet 's attorney , edward bryan .
bryan has disputed the prosecution 's characterization of his client , according to the cleveland plain dealer .
" they 're trying to create this perception he 's something he 's not , " bryan told the newspaper .
he 's a decent , hardworking , caring man . "
( cnn ) -- sherlock holmes is back , and it 's more than elementary my dear watson .
eighty-one years after the death of his creator , sir arthur conan doyle , and more than 100 years since the last original story , the world 's greatest detective returns in a new novel , " the house of silk . "
there 's also a hollywood film starring robert downey jr. and jude law which re-imagines holmes and watson as steampunk action heroes , it was a hit with movie-goers , even spawning a sequel this holiday .
bookstore shelves are loaded with tributes , pastiches , spinoffs and repackaged versions of the " sacred 60 , " sir arthur conan doyle 's 56 original short stories and 4 novels , but " the house of silk " stands apart .
it 's the first new holmes novel authorized and written with the endorsement of the conan doyle estate .
picking up the meerschaum pipe is anthony horowitz , a bestselling novelist and television producer from britain .
he 's also written and produced several popular television dramas , including " foyle 's war , " and " midsomer murders " both seen on pbs .
horowitz says he did n't tinker much with conan doyle 's creation , hoping to preserve the flavor and tone of the original stories while giving the new novel a modern sensibility and pace .
watson now lives in a retirement home , holmes is dead a year .
watson recounts one of their earlier cases , so shocking ; the pages of its telling have stayed in his solicitor 's safe for 100 years .
( cnn ) -- it 's the super yacht with a super model and her billionaire tycoon husband as its joint owners and the 100ft supermaxi comanche lived up to expectations with a blazing start to the rolex sydney-hobart race friday .
comanche , skippered by american ken read and with a strong international crew , is expected to battle it out for line honors with seven-time winner wild oats xi in the 628-nautical miles race , one of the highlights of the international yachting calendar .
the traditional boxing day start from sydney harbor saw an early glimpse of comanche 's speed with the skipper of wild oats xi , mark richards , moved to exclaim : " she 's smoking -- look at that thing go ! "
the race , which runs down the east coast of australia and across the bass strait to the tasmanian capital hobart , has drawn a 117-strong entry , the biggest since 1994 .
but pre-race attention has centered on comanche -- with its wide-bodied and cutting edge design , and two years in the building in maine in the united states .
clark watched from a supporting boat as his wife was part of the crew when comanche took part in the big boat challenge in sydney harbor on december 9 , won by wild oats xi .
( cnn ) -- he may be a long way from the football field , but pele at least is back to talking and getting better at a sao paulo , brazil , hospital .
the city 's albert einstein hospital issued a statement saturday saying the football legend -- born edson arantes do nascimento -- was improving but still in intensive care battling an illness .
he remains on temporary dialysis , which was a reason he was moved to the icu in the first place , because the machine he needed was there .
the hospital issued a second statement later saturday , indicating that pele continues to recover and that doctors plan to take him off dialysis early sunday .
earlier this week , the 74-year-old was admitted to the medical facility -- the same place he recently underwent surgery to remove kidney stones -- for a urinary tract infection .
" i am blessed to receive your love and support , " pele said , " and thank god this is nothing serious . "
known as " the black pearl " and simply " the king , " pele is one of the best known names in all of sports .
he burst onto the scene as a teenager , helping lead his native brazil to the 1958 world cup championship .
pele went on to star on two other world cup title teams as well , in 1962 and 1970 , in addition to a breakthrough career with the brazilian club santos and later with the new york cosmos of the now-defunct north american soccer league .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- you would n't have expected charlie sheen to go quietly after his increasingly bizarre behavior prompted his tv bosses to fire him from " two and a half men , " and sheen would not want to disappoint you .
he spewed an eight-and-a-half-minute , grandiloquent , profanity-laced tirade online late tuesday , a day after he was sacked .
at first sheen comes across like a college student who 's read too much of the beat writers jack kerouac or allen ginsberg , referring to himself as the " raven-wise , gibson-shredding napalm poet before you , alone and unshackled .
" oh how they once begged to attend my perfect banquet in the nude , " sheen intones .
" now they just beg for the keys to my gold . "
he calls himself the " malibu messiah " and repeatedly refers to himself as a warlock .
chuck lorre , the creator of the program that starred sheen for eight years , comes in for the greatest abuse .
" i see you , you little worm , i see you behind your plastic smile , your bitchy pout , and your desperate need to be liked , " sheen says , calling the tv executive " chuck e. cheese ball , " not using lorre 's full name .
he accuses lorre of " narcissism , greed ( and ) hatred of yourself -- or women , " one of several moments in the video that should give armchair psychiatrists plenty of material to mine .
pretoria , south africa ( cnn ) -- oscar pistorius prosecutor gerrie nel wants the south african track star sent for independent psychiatric evaluation , he said monday , in a move that could delay the athlete 's murder trial for a month or more .
he 's depressed now and feeling guilt from having killed his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp , defense witness dr. meryl vorster said on the stand .
nel responded by comparing the athlete 's mental state to post-traumatic stress disorder and saying the law required psychiatric observation .
the prosecutor 's extremely unusual move is essentially an effort to maneuver the court into considering an insanity or " capacity " defense even though the athlete 's legal team is not mounting one , cnn legal analyst kelly phelps said .
phelps , a criminologist and law lecturer at the university of cape town , said she had never seen this done before .
the question was left unresolved when court adjourned for the day .
nel is due to submit his application on tuesday after both sides have finished questioning vorster .
pistorius would have experienced the amputation of both of his legs below the knee at that time as a " traumatic assault " because he was too young to speak or understand what was happening to him , she said in court .
( cnn ) -- a tip from a television viewer led to the arrest of a florida man accused of killing four of his family members on thanksgiving day , authorities said early sunday .
paul m. merhige is accused of fatally shooting his twin sisters , a 6-year-old cousin and a 79-year-old aunt at a family home in jupiter , florida , on november 26 .
one of his sisters was pregnant .
a viewer of " america 's most wanted " recognized descriptions of merhige and his car , authorities said at a news conference early sunday .
officers immediately responded to the tip late saturday , surrounding a small motel in the middle keys , part of the florida keys .
merhige , who had apparently been at the monroe county motel since december 2 , did not resist apprehension by u.s. marshals , authorities said .
it was not immediately clear whether he was armed when marshals burst into his motel room , more than 200 miles from jupiter .
merhige made a first appearance in a west palm beach , florida , court later sunday morning in a hearing that lasted only minutes , according to cnn affiliate wptv .
he is charged with four counts of premeditated murder and attempted first-degree murder .
his next court appearance is scheduled for february 1 .
he will be held without bond at the palm beach county jail .
jim sitton , father of 6-year-old makayla , who was killed , told cnn affiliate wptv late saturday that he would " sleep a little better tonight . "
( cnn ) -- mexican authorities say they 've detained the father-in-law of one of the country 's most wanted drug lords .
police tuesday morning detained ines coronel barreras , 45 , on drug-related charges , officials told reporters .
in january , the u.s. department of the treasury described coronel as a " key sinaloa cartel operative . "
the sinaloa cartel is one of mexico 's most powerful drug-trafficking operations , and forbes has estimated guzman 's net worth at $ 1 billion .
u.s. authorities arrested a woman believed to be guzman 's daughter in october .
she was deported in december after she pleaded guilty in federal court to possession of a false visa .
coronel 's arrest is one of the most significant blows to organized crime in mexico since president enrique pena nieto took office in december .
the high-profile arrest comes two days before u.s. president barack obama is scheduled to arrive in mexico .
cnnmexico.com contributed to this report .
favorite faugheen proved too classy for rivals in the novices ' hurdle , powering away from ballyalton and rathvinden to land another win for flamboyant american owner rich ricci .
former banker ricci told reporters .
" he was just brilliant .
he 's been a very hard horse to keep right but willie and ruby have done a fantastic job with him . "
sprinter sacre , one of the brightest stars of national hunt racing , is sadly absent from this year 's festival as vets continue to ponder his irregular heartbeat , but the magnificent selle francais did have a representative in the winners ' enclosure in the shape of jockey nico de boinville .
sprinter sacre 's regular work rider got up on whisper to deny ap mccoy on get me out of here in a photo finish in the day 's main handicap .
i did n't have a clue that i 'd won -- you do n't dream this sort of thing happens . "
in the day 's feature race , the queen mother champion chase , sire de grugy produced the fairytale ending that connections and neutrals were hoping for by running away with the title by six lengths from somersby and module .
according to cnn affiliate , bay news 9 , the 71-year-old , who is being held without bail on a second-degree murder charge , also tells his daughter he 's concerned about the family 's finances .
" i 'm more worried about you all than i 'm worried about me , " he says .
" and we 're more worried about you than we are worried about us , " jennifer shaw , his daughter , responds .
" well , if all the facts come out we all should be in good shape . "
" i know , but we just hate that you have to be in there right now . "
in january , reeves and his wife were attending a showing of " lone survivor " at a wesley chapel movie theater .
reeves left the theater to report to management that the man in front of him , chad oulson , was texting during the previews .
when he returned the two exchanged words .
video from the scene appears to show oulson snatching reeves ' popcorn off his lap and throwing it at him .
reeves responds instantaneously with a single , fatal gunshot .
a preliminary hearing suggested the case will come down to whether a jury believe reeves was intimidated by oulson and acted in self-defense , or if reeves overreacted to oulson texting .
in the jailhouse tapes , reeves tells his daughter she can sell some of the family 's belongings if necessary .
" if we need money , sell the motorcycle , motorcycle trailer , the kayaks , the trailer and -- "
( cnn ) -- thomas aiken will take a two-shot lead heading into sunday 's final round of the spanish open at the el prat golf club near barcelona .
the south african who led at the halfway stage shot an even-par round of 72 on a day that was inevitably overshadowed by the death of seve ballesteros , who lost his three-year battle with cancer in the early hours of saturday morning .
" he has lost an older brother almost , " montgomerie said , europeantour.com reported .
after his round , olazabal reflected on the career of his great golfing companion .
" i do n't think there will ever be another player like him .
there can be others that are very good , but none will have his charisma , " olazabal said , europeantour.com reported .
" since i heard the news this morning i could n't get it out of my head , " larrazabal said , europeantour.com reported .
it was the saddest minute of my career , " he added .
perugia , italy ( cnn ) -- a lawyer for amanda knox said thursday the only option for the jury considering her murder appeal in italy is to clear her of guilt .
lawyer carlo dalla vedova told the jury ' that the only possible decision to take is that of absolving amanda knox , " as he wrapped up his closing argument .
he said the court had already seen " there is not trace of amanda knox in the room where murder took place . "
knox and her former boyfriend raffaele sollecito are fighting to overturn their 2009 convictions for the murder of meredith kercher , knox 's british housemate who was found with her throat slashed two years earlier .
the judge said there will be no ruling in the case until after defendant statements on monday .
the second of knox 's lawyers to speak , luciano ghirga , said knox was " very afraid but her heart is full of hope and she hopes to return to freedom . "
mexican federal police recently began patrolling ciudad juarez , just across the border from el paso , texas .
when he answered the phone , aguirre heard a profanity-laced threat .
" they told me i was next , " aguirre told cnn .
aguirre immediately gathered up his family and darted across the border into el paso , texas .
he has n't returned to juarez since that day .
aguirre is seeking asylum in the united states , and he 's part of a growing trend among mexican citizens looking to escape the violence and corruption of their homeland .
watch journalists met with death threats » according to the u.s. citizenship and immigration services , an agency that falls under the department of homeland security , the number of mexican nationals requesting asylum in the united states based on " credible fear " has gone up every year since 2003 , even as the overall number of " credible fear " asylum cases remains steady .
in 2003 , the uscis reported 54 asylum cases from mexican citizens .
in 2008 , that number reached 312 .
last year , the united states approved less than half of those cases .
( cnn ) -- should ulysses s. grant , the legendary union general and 18th president of the united states , be bumped from his 96-year stint on the $ 50 bill ?
yes , according to one north carolina republican .
rep. patrick mchenry announced that he will introduce a measure that would replace grant 's face with ronald reagan 's , just in time for the 40th president 's 100th birthday next february .
" through both his domestic and international policies he renewed america 's self confidence , defeated the soviets and taught us that each generation must provide opportunity for the next . "
" every generation needs its own heroes , " mchenry also said .
" one decade into the 21st century , it 's time to honor the last great president of the 20th and give president reagan a place beside presidents roosevelt and kennedy . "
franklin roosevelt 's face currently appears on the dime while john f. kennedy 's image is on the half-dollar .
but not so fast , says dr. john marszalek , the executive director and managing editor of the ulysses s. grant association .
calling him a " beacon " of the 19th century , marszalek said grant deserves to keep his prominent spot on america 's currency .
( cnn ) -- despite the ribbing he took from president barack obama and comedian seth meyers , media mogul donald trump proclaimed saturday night 's white house correspondents dinner " an entertaining evening . "
trump , who has indicated that he is considering a run for the 2012 republican presidential nomination , was the focus of many of the barbs thrown by obama and head " saturday night live " writer meyers .
in washington , trump still talk of town " they were pretty personal , but i expected that i was going to be zinged , " trump told cnn 's don lemon on sunday night .
at one point in the presentation , obama singled out an unsmiling trump and credited him with making hard decisions -- such as firing gary busey over meat loaf on an episode of " the celebrity apprentice " -- and succeeding in his push for the president to release his long-form birth certificate .
" now , he can focus on more important matters like , did we fake the moon landing ?
what really happened in roswell ?
and where are biggie and tupac ? "
obama said , referring to neil armstrong 's 1969 walk on the moon , the alleged ufo crash in new mexico and the deaths of rappers biggie smalls and tupac shakur .
" it 's my honor , " he added , referring to the amount of jokes directed at him .
" it was a lion 's pit , i was walking into it , i 've been there before , and you know , i thought it was an entertaining evening . "
( cnn ) -- cnn colleagues have been paying tribute to the network 's former jerusalem correspondent jerrold kessel , who died thursday at age 65 after a long battle with cancer .
kessel was a tireless reporter in a troubled part of the world .
" jerrold worked for cnn for 13 years from 1990 to 2003 during some of the most spectacular highs and lows of the middle east and was one of the network 's regular reporting faces from the region , " said jerusalem bureau chief kevin flower .
" he was a passionate journalist and a guiding force for many he worked with . "
kessel was born in south africa and moved to israel as a young man .
he was a widely published print reporter who worked for the jerusalem post and israel radio before joining cnn as a field producer , then correspondent and deputy bureau chief .
he led cnn 's viewers through events ranging from the oslo accords between israel and the palestinians , to the assassination of yitzhak rabin , israeli elections and the intifada .
" jerrold was an expert on the israeli-palestinian story , and managed to explain the complicated politics of the mideast on our air for so many years , " said parisa khosravi , cnn 's senior vice president of international newsgathering .
cnn anchor jim clancy , a former beirut correspondent well-traveled through the region in his own right , said he also benefited from kessel 's experience .
" jerrold always went out of his way to help others understand the context of the story and shared his knowledge and his sources unselfishly . "
mexico city , mexico ( cnn ) -- a former anti-drug czar in mexico has been arrested on corruption charges in his home state of chiapas , officials said .
mariano francisco herran salvatti , who also was the attorney general in chiapas for more than six years , is charged with embezzlement , criminal association and other acts of corruption , chiapas attorney general raciel lopez salazar said .
" in chiapas , the validity of the law also means that the culture of privilege has passed and justice is applied equally to all , " lopez said on the chiapas government web page .
herran was arrested saturday night in tuxtla gutierrez , mexico , but lopez did not announce the arrest until sunday .
the attorney general contends herran committed the crimes while he served as secretary of economic development in chiapas , a post he held from november 2007 until june .
officials are investigating irregularities involving 175 million pesos ( about $ 12.5 million ) , notimex said .
herran served as drug czar for president ernesto zedillo from 1997 to 2000 .
herran , a lawyer , served as attorney general in chiapas from 2000 to 2006 .
he came under investigation in april on suspicion of violating the rights of 146 criminal suspects while he was attorney general and was fired as the economic development minister in june .
he still faces prosecution on those charges .
( cnn ) -- in pennsylvania , tyler dix , a 16-year-old movie buff , is wide awake by 7 a.m. to cook breakfast for his younger siblings .
moranda hern and kaylei deakin started sisterhood of the traveling bdus , or battle dress uniforms .
in california , kaylei deakin , an avid 17-year old rock climber , disciplines her little sisters when they act out .
tyler , tucker and kaylei are three teenagers from across the country who have very different interests , but one experience that bonds them : they grew up fast -- sometimes too quickly -- to fill the shoes of mom or dad when their parent was shipped off to wars in iraq and afghanistan .
as the death toll from the two wars has risen over the last eight years , the fight has also affected a growing number of children left at home to cope without a parent .
whether it 's raising their siblings or getting an after-school job , teens with parents in the military feel pressure to step up .
" these teens are expected to take on the responsibility the deployed parent used to take care of , " said mary carolyn voght , director of programs for our military kids , a nonprofit organization that provides support to children with a deployed parent in the national guard .
" there 's usually the expectation that they will pitch in and help out more . "
more than 30,000 teens between 12 and 18 have at least one parent in the national guard deployed to iraq or afghanistan , according to the department of defense .
judy gross says she does n't know how much longer her husband can make it .
" alan is resolved that he will not endure another year imprisoned in cuba , and i am afraid that we are at the end , " she said in a statement released wednesday .
her comments come on the five-year anniversary of the day when cuban authorities arrested her husband , alan gross , who 'd been working as a subcontractor the u.s. agency for international development .
alan gross , 65 , is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing satellite communications equipment to cuba as part of his work as a state department subcontractor .
he was convicted in march 2011 .
" after five years of literally wasting away , alan is done , " judy gross said .
" it is time for president obama to bring alan back to the united states now ; otherwise it will be too late . "
the cuban government has called for a prisoner swap : gross for three imprisoned cuban intelligence agents serving lengthy federal prison sentences in the united states .
but the u.s. state department has nixed that idea , saying gross was an aid worker merely trying to help cuba 's small jewish community get online despite cuban government restrictions on internet access .
frustrated by the diplomatic impasse , gross has threatened to kill himself if he is n't freed soon .
in july , he said goodbye to his wife and daughter and has refused to see them again while he 's imprisoned .
he 's also refused to meet with u.s. diplomats in havana in protest over the slow progress to free him .
( cnn ) -- johan friso , the 43-year-old dutch prince who was injured in an avalanche at an austrian ski resort last week , has suffered brain damage , his doctor said friday .
" after the latest neurological test we conducted yesterday it became clear that the lack of oxygen ( to ) the brain of the patient caused massive damage , " dr. wolfgang koller told cnn affiliate sbs nl .
" fifty minutes of reanimation is a very long time .
one could also say too long , " he added .
unfortunately this was not the case . "
friso , a son of queen beatrix of the netherlands , had been airlifted to hospital in innsbruck after the incident .
no one else in the group was injured .
the prince was under the snow for a " short period of time , " the spokesman said .
he was wearing an electronic beacon that helped rescuers quickly find him .
lech am arlberg is in austria 's vorarlberg state , a popular skiing area in western austria .
the town 's mayor told the station " that we have hoped for a miracle . "
" we have hoped that prince friso will recover again , " said mayor ludwig muxel .
" there had been similar accidents and people nearly recovered fully .
so we hoped that his health conditions would improve . "
the region 's avalanche agency reported there was a considerable to great chance of avalanches in lech last week .
( cnn ) -- famed attorney robert shapiro -- best known to the public as part of o.j. simpson 's legal " dream team " -- is now defending actress lindsay lohan , according to lohan 's father .
lohan 's former lawyer , shawn chapman holley , resigned last week shortly after releasing a statement about her client 's " harsh and unfair " sentence .
lohan was ordered tuesday to serve 90 days in jail for missing alcohol counseling sessions in violation of her probation .
she was also sentenced to spend 90 days in a drug and alcohol rehab program after her jail term is completed .
the actress must begin serving her sentence on july 20 .
michael lohan sent an e-mail to cnn thursday stating that shapiro had been hired , and expressing hope that his daughter 's sentence would be reevaluated if she is allowed to attend rehab first .
" bob ( shapiro ) is representing her , " lohan wrote .
" but tell me , why is ( it ) that i had to cry from the mountain for lindsay to listen to me , and now finally she is doing what i said ?
none of this would have happened if lindsay and ( her mother ) dina had .
i was telling dina and lindsay this for years now .
michael lohan , who is divorced and reportedly has a rocky relationship with his daughter , also wrote that he hopes lindsay picks " all new friends and management , and finally that dina ( attends ) counseling with lindsay and me .
i thank mr. shapiro and think he will agree with my suggestions , since unfortunately , he has been down this road as well .
it does n't matter who takes the credit , dina or bob .
as long as lindsay gets off the meds and listens to me , that 's all i care about . "
( cnn ) -- the chief prosecutor in the murder trial of oscar pistorius accused him on monday of " tailoring " his version of how he killed his girlfriend , as the grueling cross-examination of the track star went into a second week .
prosecutor gerrie nel has accused the athlete of hiding the truth about the death of reeva steenkamp , whom he shot last year through a closed toilet door in his luxury home in pretoria , south africa .
his questions have sought to undermine pistorius ' reliability and credibility and to portray the olympic and paralympic athlete as someone who was inventing his version of events to suit his story .
nel , known in south african legal circles for his bulldog-like approach to questioning , has gone through minute detail regarding the early hours of valentine 's day 2013 , repeatedly challenging the double amputee over his actions that night .
on monday , in yet another intense scrutiny of his story , the prosecutor again tried to exhaustively highlight apparent inconsistencies between pistorius ' bail application and his testimony in court to show he is " tailoring his evidence " to suit the defense case .
" i am going to point out to you how improbable your version is , " nel told the runner , who sat immobile , staring ahead at the judge as he answered questions .
the prosecution 's argument is that pistorius shot steenkamp intentionally after a heated argument .
pistorius does not deny shooting her but insists that he mistook her for an intruder .
( cnn ) -- " there is a sense that he is ' one of us , ' a true fan of comics . "
that 's how john mayo , co-host of the comic book page podcast , describes geoff johns , the chief creative officer at dc comics and one of the most influential figures in comics today .
all those trailers you 've been seeing for the upcoming " green lantern " movie ?
a good chunk of the credit should go to johns .
he 's a co-producer on the film , but he 's also responsible for giving the character top billing recently in comics and , ultimately , in pop culture .
johns brought hal jordan back to life in the " green lantern : rebirth " series and went on to cast the emerald warrior 's world as the focal point of the dc universe in the popular " blackest night " comic event .
now , he 's taking on dc 's newest large-scale series : " flashpoint , " a world in which everything you know will change in a flash .
the first issue hits shelves wednesday .
" i did n't want to take the dc universe , put it in a box , shake the box and pour it out , " johns said .
the one constant is another fan favorite that owes his recent reincarnation to johns : the silver age flash , barry allen .
some flash facts about the scarlet speedster : allen is a police scientist who , thanks to an accident , was imbued with the speed force , an energy that turned him into the fastest man alive .
he sacrificed his life during one of dc 's first mega events , " crisis on infinite earths , " back in the 1980s , but returned in recent years as a regular fixture in the dc world .
( cnn ) -- olivia wise , a teenager who refused to let an inoperable brain tumor kill her spirit , died monday .
olivia gained fame in the last weeks of her 16-year-long life when a katy perry song she recorded in a toronto studio in september became a viral hit online .
" she died peacefully in her home surrounded by the extraordinary love of her family , " a family statement sent to cnn said .
her version of perry 's hit " roar , " which she recorded in september after learning there were no more treatments available , drew the attention of perry after it was published on youtube in october .
" i was very moved and you sounded great , " perry told her in a video posted on youtube .
" i love you .
it moved everybody that saw it . "
perry concluded with : " keep roaring ! "
the video shows oiivia sitting in a wheelchair in the middle of the studio , singing softly at first and struggling with her breaths . "
'cause i am a champion , and you 're gon na hear me roar . "
her energy grows and she smiles as she sings " i got the eye of a tiger , a fighter , dancing through the fire . "
( cnn ) -- a florida exterminator whose dead daughter and injured son were found in his truck has been charged with attempted murder , and police were searching his miami home thursday night , police said .
chase scott , spokesman for west palm beach police , told cnn that officers were executing a search warrant for evidence in the home of jorge and carmen barahona .
jorge barahona , 53 , was found unconscious beside his pest-control truck early monday along a south florida interstate by a road assistance ranger , along with his 10-year-old adopted son , who was inside the vehicle next to an open gas can , according to a probable-cause affidavit filed by detectives .
hours later , crews removing toxic chemicals from the truck discovered the boy 's twin sister dead in a plastic bag .
" he immediately attempted to harm himself by thrusting himself backwards , causing an injury to his head , " chase said .
" he was immediately checked by emergency personnel and it was decided he was ok to appear in court . "
authorities later decided to take barahona to wellington regional medical center for observation , he said .
washington ( cnn ) -- when paul ryan struggled to explain a budget-balancing timeline under mitt romney , he highlighted the difficulty of trying to run a substantive campaign without being too specific .
while ryan 's interview tuesday with fox news ' brit hume was no sarah palin-katie couric moment , the republican vice presidential candidate 's discomfort in answering when romney 's proposal would balance the budget was evident .
ryan , a seven-term congressman from wisconsin and chairman of the house budget committee , said he was unsure when romney 's proposals would balance the federal budget .
romney 's plans say he would " put the federal government on a course toward a balanced budget " but does not say when .
mitt romney 's 5-point plan for the economy hume repeatedly pressed ryan on the question of " when " romney 's budget would balance .
ryan : " well , there are different -- the budget plan that mitt romney is supporting gets us down to 20 % of gdp ( gross domestic product ) government spending by 2016 .
that means get the size of government back to where it historically has been .
what president obama has done is he brought the size of government to as high as it has n't been since world war ii .
we want to reduce the size of government to have more economic freedom . "
hume : " i get that .
what about balance ? "
ryan : " i do n't know exactly what the balance is .
i do n't want to get wonky on you , but we have n't run the numbers on that specific plan .
the plan we offer in the house balances the budget .
i 'd put a contrast .
president obama , never once , ever , has offered a plan to ever balance the budget .
boston ( cnn ) -- government prosecutors have released a series of new photographs showing cash , weapons and even a grenade recovered from the santa monica , california , apartment where fugitive james " whitey " bulger and his long-time companion , catherine greig , apparently lived for 15 years while he was being hunted by the fbi .
the photographs were introduced as evidence monday during a detention hearing for greig , whose court-appointed attorney is seeking to have her released on bail .
fbi agent michael carazza testified that agents found 30 weapons inside the apartment , some of them hidden behind living room and bathroom walls .
the evidence photographs show several handguns , one automatic rifle and a hand grenade the fbi says was recovered after it arrested bulger in late june at the small apartment only a few blocks from the beach .
the government also released a brief security camera video of greig walking in and out of a local drugstore , picking up a prescription , prosecutors said , that was under an assumed name .
bulger and greig were known in santa monica as charles and carol gasko .
one neighbor , 88-year-old catalina schlank , told cnn that the couple was always friendly to her .
but , she added , they refused to be listed as an emergency contact in the event schlank became ill , and the only phone number they provided was one that was directed to an answering service .
the detention hearing was to determine whether greig will be granted bail on charges of harboring a fugitive .
during the hearing , her attorney , kevin reddington , told the judge that his client was a " kind , gentle person " who had a " loving personality . "
for his part , bulger had entered a plea of not guilty to 19 counts of murder .
larose , who authorities say called herself " jihad jane , " was depressed about the death of her father , the report from pennsburg , pennsylvania , police officer michael devlin said .
larose told devlin she swallowed as many as 10 pills of cyclobenzaprine , a muscle relaxant .
the pills were mixed with alcohol .
" colleen was highly intoxicated and having difficulty maintaining her balance , " devlin wrote .
i " questioned larose about harming herself , at which point she stated she does not want to die . "
devlin was dispatched to check on larose in response to a 911 call made by larose 's sister in texas , who was worried larose might try to kill herself .
larose was arrested on the terrorism charges in philadelphia , pennsylvania , on october 15 , a spokeswoman for the u.s. attorney 's office said tuesday .
she is being held at the federal detention center in philadelphia , according to the u.s. attorney 's office .
she will be arraigned at 10:30 a.m. march 18 in philadelphia , the justice department said .
among other things , larose has also been charged with making false statements to a government official and attempted identity theft .
if convicted , she faces a possible life prison sentence and a $ 1 million fine .
now , kurilla is being held at the wayne county correctional facility and charged as an adult with criminal homicide , the wayne county district attorney 's office said .
the boy is separated from adult offenders and is being constantly supervised , cnn affiliate wbre reported .
the boy admitted to grabbing a wooden cane , holding it against 90-year-old helen novak 's throat for several seconds and punching her in the throat and stomach , according to the police affidavit .
kurilla told police he was angry at novak because she had yelled at him when he entered her room .
he said he wanted to ask her a question .
the trooper asked the boy .
" no , i was only trying to hurt her , " kurilla replied , according to the affidavit .
the boy was ordered to be held without bail after his arraignment and is set to appear in court october 22 .
" tristen really kind of does n't have an idea of what is going on , " brown told the station .
brown added , " jail is still jail , no matter what part of the facility you are in . "
abigail hernandez was last seen on october 9 , according to the fbi , as she headed home from her high school in the town of conway , and officials fear she might be held against her will .
" we are concerned for her safety , " new hampshire associate attorney general jane young said friday at a news conference called to discuss the search for the girl .
" she is not out there alone .
she has somebody who is either helping her , whether that be a friend or what we fear is a foe . "
that letter was kept secret until friday , said young , because " law enforcement had to take every possible step to verify its authenticity .
" and at this juncture , we believe in fact that it was written by abby and was sent to her mother , " young added .
neither federal nor state authorities would discuss the contents of the letter beyond young saying the writing is in " a tone abby would have used , " and that the letter underwent " expert analysis " before its existence was announced publicly .
officials also said revealing details about the letter could potentially trigger " copycat " letters that would slow down the investigation .
the letter was written on october 22 , and postmarked on october 23 , according to young , and it was turned over to authorities for investigation after zenya hernandez received it nearly two weeks after it was postmarked .
( cnn ) -- german striking legend miroslav klose has signed a two-year contract with italian side lazio , following his failure to agree a new deal with bayern munich .
the 33-year-old leaves the bavarian giants after four years at the club , although he endured a disappointing season just gone , scoring just once after making most of his 20 appearances from the substitutes ' bench .
klose , who is joint second with compatriot gerd mueller in the list of all-time world cup scorers with 14 goals in three different tournaments , told reporters : " i am looking forward to this new experience and want to help lazio get back up the serie a table . "
liverpool close to henderson deal speaking about the transfer , lazio sporting director igli tare told german channel sport1 : " we hope he brings his skills to us and scores the goals to put lazio back up where we belong , to be one of europe 's biggest clubs . "
klose , who has netted 61 goals in 109 appearances for germany and is closing in on mueller 's all-time record of 68 goals , is keen to play in the finals of euro 2012 and his move hias been welcomed by his national coach joachim loew .
loew told reporters : " it 's good for miroslav if he plays at a club where he is used regularly again . "
he helped bayern win the german league and cup double in his first year at the club and helped them reclaim the league title in 2010 , as well as reaching the final of the champions league , where they lost to inter milan .
new york ( cnn ) -- miss usa rima fakih is a muslim with lebanese heritage , but her family is " not defined by religion , " fakih said .
" i 'm an american girl , " fakih said .
" and just to be clear , my family comes from many different backgrounds and religions . "
the newest miss usa , crowned last weekend , was interviewed wednesday for hln 's " the joy behar show . "
fakih downplayed the significance of photographs that emerged online this week showing her dancing against a stripper 's pole .
" everyone took them as if i was stripping , which to be honest with you was just a competition , " she said .
this just in : is miss usa a muslim trailblazer ?
the detroit , michigan , radio station promotion held three years ago was like a class to help women " learn how to dance and feel sexy , " she told behar .
" to be extra funny , because i 'm known to be silly , i put money in my bra , " she said .
the controversy , however , has made her name a top search term on the internet , she said .
" yeah , i 'm the number one person on yahoo or google , i heard , " she said .
( cnn ) -- a conservative billionaire businessman and a former center-left president will face off in a runoff election in chile 's presidential race , based on official early results released sunday .
with more than 98 percent of polling stations counted , billionaire businessman sebastian pinera led ex-president eduardo frei with 44 percent of the vote to frei 's 30 percent , chile 's interior ministry reported .
" this is a victory for all the chileans who want change , " pinera said sunday night .
frei began campaigning for the second-round immediately , asking in a speech for the supporters of the two other candidates who had their presidential ambitions dashed to join his cause .
frei said if he is elected , women and young people will have an important role in his government .
he explicitly asked for those who voted for marco enriquez-ominami and jorge arrate , who were eliminated in sunday 's ballot , to vote for him in the runoff .
the winner will follow the footsteps of a very popular president , michelle bachelet , who will be leaving office with high approval ratings for steering the country through the global economic downturn , and promoting progressive social reforms .
under chile 's constitutional term limits , a president can not run for a second consecutive term .
bachelet endorsed frei , a member of her same left-leaning coalition , but another leftist candidate who ran as an independent -- enriquez-ominami -- made an impressive run , pulling in 20 percent of the vote and splitting votes for the ruling party .
( cnn ) the fiancée of former new england patriots star aaron hernandez has been granted immunity , compelling her to testify at his murder trial , according to a decision released by the trial judge on tuesday .
hernandez , the former tight end who once had a $ 40 million contract , has pleaded not guilty to orchestrating the death of odin lloyd .
he has also pleaded not guilty to weapons charges .
his co-defendants , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , have also pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately .
he has often been seen mouthing " i love you " to her .
it is not known whether her testimony will help or hurt hernandez .
" normally , a fiancée is not going to testify adversely against her true love , " said callan , a former new york homicide prosecutor .
but there is no privilege in massachusetts allowing engaged couples to avoid testifying against one another .
prosecutors suspect jenkins of following instructions from hernandez to get rid of the murder weapon from their home by removing the gun inside a box , putting it in a black trash bag , and borrowing her sister 's car to take the bag to a dumpster and throw it away .
according to court documents , she does n't remember where .
her sister was the girlfriend of the victim and has already testified against hernandez .
( cnn ) -- swedish golfer henrik stenson carded a solid 69 in the opening round of the wgc-ca championship but it was his highly unusual recovery shot on the 12th on the blue monster course at doral which raised more than a few eyebrows .
stenson did not leave much to the imagination with his doral antics .
stenson stripped down to the bare essentials -- a pair of white boxer shorts -- before wading into the mud to hack out his ball after an wayward tee shot .
the watching galleries could hardly believe their eyes as the tall swede peeled off his clothes .
" shirt , trousers , socks , shoes , hat , the lot was off , " he told the press association .
" because of the mud i could n't really afford to play in any of my clothes as they would have been a real mess down the last six or so holes so i had no option , " stenson explained .
after getting the ball back on to the fairway , stenson eventually made a one-over par bogey on the hole when he could have dropped at least two shots by taking a drop .
the incident proved the main talking point on the day that tiger woods made his return to strokeplay golf and 32-year-old stenson jokingly said it might offer a new avenue for sponsorships .
" absolutely , you never know , after this i might have a new endorsement with playgirl or something like that . "
it will only hurt your self-esteem .
anthony gatto says he 's been in training since he was 3 years old and performing since he was 8 .
normal might be that man in the corner , wearing a t-shirt , shorts and sneakers throwing balls in the air .
how hard can that be ?
moments later , he 's juggling six or seven orange rings ( they move so fast , it looks like a blur ) and then does a pirouette -- while all the rings are in the air -- and then catches them on his arm .
watch the juggler in action » you could say anthony gatto went into the family business .
but his stepfather was n't a farmer or a doctor .
" by the time i was 8 , i was entered into a juggling competition , and incidentally , that was the same competition that patrick dempsey , the actor , was in , " gatto said .
" he used to be a juggler .
we competed against each other .
i took first , he took second .
now he 's a big actor and here i am , juggling . "
( cnn ) -- portsmouth will play chelsea in the fa cup final after an upset 2-0 extra-time victory over tottenham hotspur in the second semifinal at wembley on sunday .
french striker frederic piquionne opened the scoring for avram grant 's men nine minutes into extra-time .
former tottenham midfielder kevin-prince boateng scored the second with three minutes remaining from the penalty spot after referee alan wiley awarded a spot kick as wilson palacios fouled aruna dindane .
but all that was forgotten as their fanatical fans enjoyed a famous victory which owed much to good fortune and some excellent goalkeeping from england international david james .
their breakthrough goal could be credited to the appalling wembley pitch as spurs defender michael dawson slipped at a crucial moment and piquionne took full advantage .
with tottenham camped in the pompey half , dindane broke clear and although palacios got the ball in his challenge he also pulled him down and wiley had no hesitation in pointing to the spot .
" we 're trying to put it out , like , tomorrow , " cortez bryant , wayne 's manager , told rolling stone .
if not tomorrow , definitely next week . "
photos : lil wayne returns to the stage with drake after spending a few days celebrating , visiting with family and joining drake onstage in las vegas , wayne settled into miami 's hit factory studio early tuesday .
mack maine , president of wayne 's young money label , tweeted , " it 's official wayne laid his 1st verse !!!!
torture !!!! "
( cnn ) -- on the basis of the evidence currently in the public record , one likely outcome of the case against george zimmerman is a mixed one : there may be sufficient evidence for a reasonable prosecutor to indict him for manslaughter , but there may also be doubt sufficient for a reasonable jury to acquit him .
any such predictions should be accepted with an abundance of caution , however , because the evidence known to the special prosecutor , but not to the public , may paint a different picture .
it may be stronger or weaker .
media reports suggest that police found zimmerman with grass stains on the back of his shirt , bloody bruises on the back of his head and other indicia that may support his contention that trayvon martin was banging his head against the ground when zimmerman shot him .
we do n't know what martin 's body or clothing show , other than the fatal bullet wound .
if there are no comparable bruises or grass stains and if the bullet wound and powder residue establish that the gun was fired at very close range , this too might support a claim of self-defense .
then there is a recorded cry for help , which , if it turns out to be the voice of martin , would undercut the defense -- if the voice analysis passes scientific muster and is deemed admissible into evidence .
there may be additional forensic evidence -- or witnesses -- of which we are now unaware , though it is unlikely there is a " smoking gun . "
finally , there is the overarching and historically painful reality that an unarmed black teenager lies dead at the hand of an armed hispanic man who ignored a dispatcher 's advice not to follow and engage the " suspect , " and who may have -- and this too is forensically unclear -- uttered a racial epithet while chasing him .
the pharaohs , coached by american bob bradley , notched a fifth successive victory in group g , beating mozambique 1-0 in maputo thanks to a 40th-minute goal from young striker mohamed salah .
salah , who turned 21 on saturday and plays for swiss club basel , scored a hat-trick last weekend against zimbabwe -- and also netted last year against guinea .
it marks a big turnaround in fortunes for the continent 's seven-time champion , which failed to qualify for the last two africa cup of nations and suspended its domestic league for a year after more than 70 fans died in the port said tragedy in february 2012 .
guinea 's hopes of a world cup debut were ended despite winning 2-0 against zimbabwe , with striker mohamed yattara scoring both goals .
the ivory coast also went through to the playoffs , winning 4-2 away to tanzania to be sure of topping group c. two-time african player of the year yaya toure scored two first-half goals to help his team come from behind , and substitute wilfried bony sealed victory in time added on .
it meant morocco missed out , despite winning 2-0 against gambia on saturday .
south africa , the 2010 world cup host , also failed to make the playoffs after losing 2-1 to group a winner ethiopia thanks to a 70th-minute headed own-goal by bernard parker .
today , he adds , that figure has risen to almost 200 .
it 's a nice line , although in reality the emergence of a new nation remains relatively rare .
but there does seem to be a pattern emerging , in europe and beyond .
in spain ( catalonia ) and belgium ( flanders ) , as well as the united kingdom ( scotland ) , secessionist movements appear to be on the rise .
all three have existed for decades , yet they seem particularly lively in the second decade of the 21st century .
thus salmond , who this weekend addresses delegates at the scottish national party 's annual conference in the scottish city of perth , likes to talk of scotland 's " home rule journey " being part of a bigger international trend .
his point is clear : " independence , " far from being dangerous or unusual , is a natural state of affairs .
professor robert young , an expert in secession , says all three countries have a history of regional -- or devolved -- government ( relatively recently in the case of the uk ) .
" i was considering the old question , " he says , " about whether regional government structures aid or inhibit secessionist movements .
" it seems to me that they aid them , other things being equal .
the secessionist party will come to power , sooner or later , because governments become unpopular .
if they then govern well , this serves as a further mobilizing mechanism . "
only recently a secessionist movement , the nationalist party convergència i unió first took office in catalonia in 1980 , while in scotland the snp formed a minority government in 2007 -- becoming a majority four years later .
in flanders the nieuw-vlaamse alliantie , which wants gradual secession from belgium , recently swept the board in municipal elections .
( cnn ) shin dong-hyuk 's horrific descriptions of his time in a north korean prison camp became a best-selling book , made him a key witness before the united nations and grabbed headlines around the world .
he was one of the most high-profile north korean defectors , winning several human rights awards and inspiring a documentary as his memoir was translated into 27 languages .
now the publisher of the book and its author say shin -- who claims to have been born in and escaped from a north korean prison camp -- has revealed that parts of the story he told were n't true .
shin may have spent most of his life in north korea at a different prison camp , rather than the total control zone that formed the title of his biography .
shin 's accounts of his time in the gulag have been widely reported in interviews with media including cnn .
he also wrote an opinion piece describing his experiences for cnn digital .
" on friday , jan. 16 , i learned that shin dong-hyuk , the north korean prison camp survivor who is the subject of ' escape from camp 14 , ' had told friends an account of his life that differed substantially from my book , " harden said .
" i contacted shin , pressing him to detail the changes and explain why he had misled me . "
( cnn ) -- rafael nadal fired an ominous warning that he is ready to reclaim his french open crown from roger federer after picking up a record-equaling sixth consecutive monte carlo masters title on sunday .
the 23-year-old has had a difficult past year after his shock defeat at the french open to eventual losing finalist robin soderling , with federer earning his first win at roland garros .
nadal needed surgery on his knees after that setback , and his hiatus allowed federer to take both his wimbledon title and the no. 1 ranking .
" for me , it is very emotional , " nadal , who equaled the 106-year-old record of six monte carlo titles held by englishman reggie doherty , told the atp tour web site .
" it is probably my favorite tournament .
i love this tournament .
to win here another time is a dream for me .
the atmosphere here is unbelievable .
i feel like i 'm at home .
" no one match during seven years have i felt the crowd against me .
i just can say thank you very much everybody . "
nadal 's only defeat at the tournament was against guillermo coria as a 16-year-old in 2003 , and world no. 12 verdasco never looked like registering his first win over his compatriot in 10 encounters .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- the city council of fullerton , california , approved tuesday evening the hiring of an independent consultant to reform the city 's police force and review last month 's arrest and subsequent death of a homeless schizophrenic man , a spokeswoman said .
the council then approved 4-1 a second contract , also for up to a year , paying gennaco $ 30,000 to prepare a public report looking at the july 5 incident involving police and the death of kelly thomas , mudrick said .
gennaco told the council he will begin investigating the death after the orange county district attorney 's office completes its own inquiry into the incident , mudrick said .
gennaco is currently chief attorney for a civilian oversight committee created by the los angeles county supervisors to monitor the sheriff 's department .
meanwhile , a los angeles attorney said he is planning to file a police brutality lawsuit in federal court this week against fullerton officers in a new unrelated case .
but one of the officers in that case was also involved in the thomas arrest , said the attorney , garo mardirossian .
mardirossian is also representing thomas ' father , ron , who is alleging that his son was a victim of police brutality and has notified fullerton city officials that he plans to pursue legal action against them .
( cnn ) -- when sadegh shahi heard reports about a swat team armed to the teeth storming onto a sunwing airlines flight to arrest a passenger , he thought to himself , " it 's probably my son . "
the father 's intuition apparently was correct .
earlier that morning -- about 45 minutes into flight 772 from toronto to panama city -- the 25-year-old canadian citizen made a " direct threat against the aircraft , " according to sunwing spokeswoman janine chapman .
witnesses told canada 's ctv news that shahi said he wanted to bomb canada .
the boeing 737 -- which at that point was high above west virginia -- was escorted back to toronto by two u.s. fighter jets that were on an aerial training drill nearby , norad spokeswoman capt. jennifer stadnyk told cnn .
he said his son is mentally ill , and has never gotten the support he 's needed .
" ali thinks life is a game , " he said .
" we 've called the cops 24 times in the past year on him .
they always send him back home . "
shahi said his son is a friendless , unemployed gambling addict who has suffered from depression and eating disorders for a decade .
" in high school , he was fat , " he said .
" he was bullied until he became anorexic . "
( cnn ) -- saddam hussein let the world think he had weapons of mass destruction to intimidate iran and prevent the country from attacking iraq , according to an fbi agent who interviewed the dictator after his 2003 capture .
iraqi leader saddam hussein in an unknown location in iraq after his capture in 2003 .
according to a cbs report , hussein claimed he did n't anticipate that the united states would invade iraq over wmd , agent george piro said on " 60 minutes , " scheduled for sunday broadcast .
" for him , it was critical that he was seen as still the strong , defiant saddam .
he thought that ( faking having the weapons ) would prevent the iranians from reinvading iraq , " said piro .
during the nearly seven months piro talked to hussein , the agent hinted to the iraqi that he answered directly to president bush , cbs said in a posting on its web site .
" he told me he initially miscalculated ... president bush 's intentions .
he thought the united states would retaliate with the same type of attack as we did in 1998 ... a four-day aerial attack , " piro said .
correspondent scott pelley asked .
" no , not initially , " piro answered .
" and at that point , it would go into what he called the secret war , " the agent said , referring to the insurgency .
( cnn ) -- rafael nadal is known as the undisputed king of clay with seven french open titles to his name -- but the spaniard was given an almighty scare in the quarterfinals of the monte carlo masters friday .
nadal , who has won the past eight editions of the tournament , was made to fight all the way by bulgaria 's grigor dimitrov before eventually prevailing 6-2 2-6 6-4 .
it was the first time the 26-year-old had dropped a set at the tournament since 2009 as he racked up a 45th consecutive match victory in the french principality .
that record had looked in doubt until his opponent began to suffer with cramp in his leg , allowing nadal to emerge victorious .
" i 'm losing little bit intensity of the match for moments .
" that 's normal after being a lot of time outside of the competition .
i played for a month , then i stopped for another month .
i need time to play with top rhythm for the whole match .
" i was playing great at the first set , playing my best level .
nadal was spotted playing with taping on his back , but he refused to elaborate on the problem when asked .
he added : " i 'm happy to be in the semifinals , i played the best with what i had .
it 's normal have problems on the back , on the shoulder , on the elbow . "
mahmoud jibril , chairman of the national transitional council executive board , said elections " should be within a period of eight months , maximum . "
he spoke at the world economic forum in jordan .
the first vote will be for a national congress that will draft a constitution .
after that , parliamentary and presidential elections will be held .
jibril said that oil-rich libya is currently producing around 300,000 barrels per day , up from near zero during the depths of the conflict .
the country should be back at its prewar output of 1.6 million barrels of oil per day within 15 months , he said .
nato , which launched an operation to protect libyan citizens against the gadhafi regime during the libyan war , plans to ends its operations by october 31 .
without putting a single u.s. service member on the ground , we achieved our objectives .
( cnn ) -- five somali men were convicted in the netherlands of plotting a hijack at sea and sentenced to five years in prison , cnn affiliate rtl reported thursday .
the trial of the five , said to be the first trial of pirates in europe in modern times , opened in rotterdam district court may 25 .
the men were captured by the danish navy in january 2009 in the gulf of aden , off somalia , after a cargo ship with a dutch antilles flag was attacked , said wim de bruin , a spokesman for the netherlands national prosecutor 's office .
" the ship of the pirates was destroyed by the danish navy , and the pirates were captured and handed to the dutch authorities , " he said .
the pirates are ahmed yusuf farah , 25 , jama mohamed samatar , 45 , abdirisaq abdulahi hirsi , 33 , sayid ali garaar , 39 , and osman musse farah , 32 , de bruin said .
they had faced a maximum sentence of nine to 12 years , he added .
another suspected somali pirate is awaiting sentencing in the united states , where he pleaded guilty in may to hijacking and kidnapping .
prosecutors say abduwali abdukhadir muse led an attack on a u.s.-flagged vessel , the maersk alabama , off the coast of africa last year .
he pleaded guilty may 19 in a new york federal court to felony counts of hijacking maritime vessels , kidnapping and hostage taking for his role in the hijacking of the maersk alabama in the indian ocean on april 8 , 2009 .
muse faces a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars when he is sentenced october 19 .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- cartoonist jerry robinson , who worked on the earliest batman comics and claimed credit for creating the super-villain the joker , died thursday at the age of 89 , his family confirmed .
" farewell to my dear , dear friend , mentor and idol , jerry robinson . "
though he was initially just assisting batman creators bob kane and bill finger , his chance to create the joker came in 1940 , when the demand for more batman stories overloaded finger .
" this was going to be a problem , so i volunteered to do one of the stories , " robinson said .
" villains are more exciting . "
he wanted his villain to have a sense of humor , and " in a space of hours " one night " somehow the joker came out , " robinson said .
the first joker image was modeled out of the joker card in a deck of playing cards , he said .
( cnn ) -- a staff member of the aid organization doctors without borders has died after an attack on a vehicle near the capital of south sudan , the group said friday .
the aid worker , joseph , whose full name has been withheld at the request of his family , died two days after the attack , which took place monday on a main road outside the capital , juba , according to doctors without borders .
doctors without borders , also known as medecins sans frontieres , said the " exact circumstances " of the attack are n't yet clear , but the car in which its two staff members were traveling was " clearly marked as belonging to medecins sans frontieres . "
" we want to emphasize the need to respect international humanitarian law and on the obligation to ensure the protection of humanitarian workers , their property and health facilities , " he said .
doctors without borders said it had been working in the region for more than 30 years .
south sudan officially gained its statehood in july 2011 after separating from sudan .
( cnn ) -- it 's been a weekend of contrasting fortunes for american club owners in the english premier league .
the glazer family can look forward to manchester united 's imminent record-extending 20th league title , and their fifth since a leveraged takeover in 2005 that left one of the world 's wealthiest clubs saddled with hundreds of millions of dollars of debt .
for ellis short , owner of saturday 's beaten opponents sunderland , the prospect of losing top-flight status is all too real after a 1-0 defeat that left his team just one point above the relegation zone and marked the end of the reign of manager martin o'neill after less than two seasons .
one of o'neill 's former players , paul lambert , has been seemingly on the verge of the sack for most of this season but the aston villa manager seems likely to see it out despite sunday 's 2-1 home defeat by liverpool , which kept his side in the bottom three but only four points behind 12th-placed southampton .
" i think anybody who was here today would say the same .
we 're certainly playing well enough .
we do n't look like a team down the bottom at the minute .
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) -- two aid workers killed in afghanistan had a deep commitment to the country , and knew the risks associated with humanitarian work there , friends and family of the victims ' said saturday .
among the dead were six americans , two afghans , a briton and a german , said dirk frans , director of international assistance mission .
he said two other afghans on the team are alive .
aqa nwor kentoz , the police chief in the province , says the gunmen stopped the group on the road , took their belongings and shot them one by one .
the taliban claimed responsibility for the attack .
libby little , the wife of team leader tom little , confirmed to cnn that her husband was among the six americans killed .
speaking from her home in delmar , new york , little said she knew the worst had happened when she did n't hear from her husband after 24 hours .
she described a system they established years ago -- he would give her a short , 30-second call every 12 hours to let her know he was ok .
when two cycles went by without a call from her husband , she said she knew something was wrong .
( cnn ) -- it is akin to sebastian vettel designing his own formula one car , getting in the cockpit and driving it to the world title .
in f1 , it would be a mission impossible ; in the winter sport of skeleton racing it is , at the very least , a monstrous mission improbable which briton kristan bromley has made an infinite reality from the unlikeliest of beginnings .
it has earned him the nickname doctor ice and brought him world , european and british titles .
there is a somewhat laughable nature to how he found a new career path in such cutting-edge design while based at bae systems and tasked with working on the eurofighter typhoon , which made its combat debut in libya in 2011 with the royal air force and italian air force .
" i 'd never heard of the sport so i asked one of the guys , ' who is bob skeleton ? '
" you can imagine my surprise that it turned out to be a sport that changed my life completely . "
it is a leap of faith to go from the eurofighter , which cost an approximate â £ 200m each , to design what is effectively a steel tray designed to ensure an athlete is propelled at speeds of up to 130km/h down a sheet ice bobsled run -- head first .
( cnn ) -- the man suspected of killing three people and wounding others near auburn university turned himself in to authorities late tuesday , authorities said .
it was not immediately clear when leonard would be transported to auburn .
auburn police chief tommy dawson said leonard faces three counts of capital murder and two counts of assault .
he will be processed into the montgomery county jail and " held there for a while , " he told reporters .
" you ca n't run but for so long , " the police chief said .
" we were going to pursue until we caught him . "
dawson also addressed the families of the victims .
" i know your young men wo n't be coming home , but hopefully this arrest will give you some closure .
it 's not over .
we 're going to continue to investigate this case , " he said .
the development came hours after a small army of law enforcement officers swarmed a montgomery home where leonard was believed to be hiding and came up empty-handed .
police surrounded and searched the house for more than six hours , spraying " a powerful dose " of tear gas in hopes of flushing out the man .
they scaled down their efforts at the house tuesday after they could not find leonard .
the officers from local , state and federal agencies looked frustrated , cnn affiliate wfsa reported .
police defended the raid at a news conference early tuesday after reports surfaced that they had gone to the wrong house and used excessive force .
bartolo " buddy " valastro , star of the reality show " cake boss , " was arrested in manhattan early thursday for driving while intoxicated , according to police .
valastro , 37 , was pulled over shortly after 1 a.m. while driving north on 10th avenue after officers saw his 2014 chevrolet corvette swerving through the lanes between 20th and 32nd streets , according to new york police det. martin speechley .
police said velastro 's breath smelled of alcohol , and that the reality star had a flushed face and watery , bloodshot eyes .
he was unsteady on his feet when he stepped out of his car and he failed a field sobriety test , speechley said .
valastro was charged with driving while intoxicated and driving with impaired ability .
best known for his role in tlc 's " cake boss , " valastro also appears in the competition series " next great baker . "
a fourth-generation baker , valastro runs carlo 's bake shop in hoboken , new jersey .
he is married and has four children , according to his tlc biography .
calls to some of his businesses for comment were not immediately returned .
in july , valastro had a different type of encounter with public safety authorities when his 32-foot boston whaler got lost in heavy fog in new york harbor .
both fire and police harbor units rescued his boat and towed it to jersey city .
the vessel had been lost in thick fog in ambrose channel , a busy shipping channel that put it in danger of colliding with large commercial ships , police said .
( cnn ) -- long before chen guangcheng became internationally known as a human rights crusader , villagers near his home knew him as the man to go to when they had trouble with local authorities .
despite having little formal legal education , chen began advocating on behalf of villagers in 1996 at the age of 25 , according to china human rights defenders , a china-based human rights group .
fellow activists say he made his way to the u.s. embassy in beijing , where he remains as the united states and china try to sort out the future for chen , who has sought to call attention to the practice of forced abortions and sterilizations in china .
yet he never sought out to be a rabble-rouser , said new york university law professor jerome cohen , who first met chen when the activist traveled to the united states as part of a state department program in 2004 .
" you got the feeling you were in the presence of some chinese equivalent of gandhi or something , " cohen said .
" he had this gentle but steely moral force . "
chen was born in 1971 in dongshigu , a small farming village in eastern shandong province , more than 400 kilometers ( 248 miles ) from beijing .
seltsovsky said that the average daily mortality rate in moscow is 360 to 380 cases , but " today the rate is around 700 . "
another 62 people across russia were in hospitals with wildfire-related ailments , and in all , 741 people had sought wildfire-related medical assistance , it said .
cnn ireport : see and share images of russia wildfires the ministry said 22 out of the country 's 83 regions , mostly in central russia , are affected by wildfires .
and no relief is in sight , with temperatures forecast to remain high in central and northwestern russia through august 20 .
" the air will remain filled with products burning in forest and peat fires , and with toxic emission coming from motor vehicles and industrial enterprises , " roshydromet said .
alexander frolov , who heads roshydromet , appeared live on russian state tv on monday .
he said high levels of pollutants in the moscow air pose a serious danger to muscovites ' health .
( cnn ) -- tiger woods may have clung on to his world number one status but after a disappointing final round at the pga championship will have to rely on captain corey pavin to play in the ryder cup .
woods needed to finish in the top 15 at whistling straits to have any chance of forcing his way into the eight automatic selections for the united states team to face europe at celtic manor in october .
" i hit my irons really good today .
his performance was certainly an improvement on a disastrous showing in the preceding wgc-bridgestone invitational and woods briefly led at the start of his first round , but after that the inconsistencies crept in .
woods is now hoping that u.s. captain corey pavin will make him one of his four captain 's picks .
three more weeks ? "
woods is still searching for his first win of a truncated season and has not claimed a major since the u.s. open in 2008 .
texas gov. rick perry , calling his indictment politically motivated , vowed saturday to fight charges he abused his power by trying to pressure a district attorney to resign .
" this farce of a prosecution will be revealed for what it is , and those responsible will be held accountable , " perry said at a news conference in austin , the capital .
a grand jury in travis county indicted perry , a republican , on two felony counts stemming from his threat to veto funding for a statewide public integrity unit run by travis country district attorney rosemary lehmberg , a democrat , unless she stepped down , according to the special prosecutor in the case , michael mccrum .
the case centers on perry 's june 2013 veto of the $ 7.5 million budget for the unit run by lehmberg , after she refused his demand to resign following her drunken driving arrest and conviction .
perry faces accusations of coercion of a public servant and abuse of his official capacity in connection with the threat and veto .
according to mccrum , the indictment alleges that the circumstances around perry 's veto threat amounted to a misuse of state money earmarked by the legislature to fund the public integrity unit in travis county run by lehmberg .
the second charge alleges that he improperly used the veto threat to get her to resign following her arrest on a drunk driving charge .
she stayed in office .
but the governor said under the state constitution he has the discretionary right to veto items in the state budget .
" i exercised this discretion , " he said .
the oscar-winning actor is a guest on thursday 's " piers morgan tonight . "
bridges , who took a year off from movies to focus on his music career , will release his self-titled album august 16 .
" you 're the dude , " continued morgan .
" to millions of people around the world , jeff bridges , you will always be the dude .
i ca n't pretend anything else . "
the cnn host proudly stated that he " ritually " watches " lebowski " annually .
bridges said from the moment he read the script , he knew the film was destined to be a classic .
" john goodman came out with a great quote about your performance , " said morgan .
when you look at the diamond , you do n't think of the work , you just notice there are no flaws . ' "
bridges , whose hollywood career has spanned some 40 years and 60 films , openly admitted that he owes his great success to his veteran actor dad , lloyd bridges .
" my dad , you know ... the hardest thing about acting as a profession is getting the break . "
when morgan pointed out bridges ' reputation as " the nicest guy in show business , " the younger bridges again credited his father 's guidance .
( cnn ) how do republicans try to breathe new life into an old scandal ?
here 's how it works : step one : republicans , with nothing in their arsenal to use against hillary clinton , selectively leak to reporters a " scandalous " tidbit -- often one that has been previously reported .
step two : the new media bites .
step three : the media hyperventilates and suffocates the airwaves with repetition of the same story .
step four : upon further examination , the story falls apart .
this is exactly how the latest media hype , this time over hillary clinton 's use of emails at the state department , has played out .
and it presents yet another chapter in the benghazi hoax .
the new york times has a history of this .
( whitewater , anyone ? )
the times story suggests secretary clinton broke federal rules in relation to her email .
but the times ' main source for this allegation says clinton violated no laws .
yes , clinton used a private email account to communicate while she was secretary of state .
but so did secretaries of state before her .
clinton asks state to release emails : what you need to know in october 2014 , 18 months after clinton left , the state department was engaged in the process of updating its records preservation policies .
the state department asked every secretary of state dating back to madeleine albright to provide records , including emails , from their time in office .
she did so months ago .
the ruling overturned a decision made in october by roger goodell , the current commissioner , against jonathan vilma , anthony hargrove , will smith and scott fujita .
they were called " cartoffs " and " knockouts . "
in addition , it was alleged that the saints offered a bounty for injuring minnesota vikings quarterback brett favre during the nfc championship game in january 2010 .
in october , after he upheld suspensions , goodell appointed tagliabue to review player appeals .
in his 18-page order , tagliabue found that fujita 's actions " were not conduct detrimental " and vacated a one-game suspension imposed by goodell .
tagliabue wrote that fujita " did not participate in the program including cartoffs and knockouts and that his participation in a ' non-injury ' pay-for-performance pool is typically subject only to club discipline . "
tagliabue found that hargrove , smith and vilma engaged in " conduct detrimental to the integrity of , and public confidence in , the game of professional football , " but ordered their punishments also be rescinded .
goodell found that hargrove falsely answered an nfl investigator 's questions about the misconduct .
but tagliabue said it was not clear hargrove lied about the program and noted that he was " under tremendous pressure to follow the chain of command in order to keep his job . "
tagliabue concluded that there was insufficient evidence that hargrove 's alleged misconduct merited a suspension .
( cnn ) -- the surviving pilot of virgin galactic spaceshiptwo told authorities he was unaware the feather system had been unlocked early by his co-pilot .
he described being " extracted from the vehicle as a result of the break-up sequence and unbuckled from his seat at some point before the parachute deployed automatically , " according to a release from the ntsb .
earlier this month , the ntsb tweeted that alsbury " moved the lock/unlock handle into unlock position . "
... the copilot , who was in right seat , moved the lock/unlock handle into unlock position ; he did not survive accident .
#spaceshiptwo but that mishap alone does n't explain why the feathering started , since no one moved the feathering handle .
test pilot 's workplace a cold , harsh environment
washington ( cnn ) -- testimony on day three of proceedings about the future of presidential assailant john hinckley jr. turned to whether williamsburg , virginia , is the right place for him to eventually live as an outpatient .
" i think it is right now , " said dr. deborah giorgi-guarnieri , a psychiatrist whom hinckley sees during his trips to his mother 's home in williamsburg .
" it always requires constant assessment , but i think it is right now . "
but giorgi-guarnieri testified monday that hinckley has had difficulty forming new relationships there .
she said hinckley does regularly talk with a female neighbor of his mother , and with both his female supervisor and a female co-worker at his volunteer part-time job at a hospital library .
giorgi-guarnieri said hinckley , who likes to paint , has given paintings to both his supervisor and the co-worker .
" he does n't have a romantic relationship in williamsburg , " giorgi-guarnieri added .
hinckley 's relationships with women have always drawn scrutiny because he hoped to impress actress jodie foster with his attack on reagan .
hinckley , 56 , currently spends 10 days a month visiting his mother in williamsburg .
a plan proposed by st. elizabeths hospital , where hinckley has been treated since being found not guilty by reason of insanity in the shootings of president ronald reagan and three other men , calls for the visits to be expanded and , if no problems develop , for hinckley 's eventual release to live as an outpatient .
savannah , georgia ( cnn ) -- what does it really take to dress someone as fashion-forward and in the spotlight as michelle obama ?
" bravery , " says isabel toledo , designer of the first lady 's attention-grabbing lemongrass yellow wool and lace ensemble that she wore for the inauguration of her husband president obama .
but along with bravery about their fashion sense , new graduates at the savannah college of art and design ( scad ) will need courage in the face of the current recession .
" fashion is being hit particularly hard in the new job market .
fashion as a whole is feeling a greater level of lost revenues and in turn has lost opportunities for sustaining volume and even more so for growth , " said marshal cohen , chief analyst and expert fashion analyst for the npd market research group .
full of new ideas , student designers say they are aware of the challenges as they head out into the work force , but they 're optimistic they can make it in these tough times .
" after i graduate , i 'm going to new york , i have an internship lined up with a trend forecasting company , promostyl , " said shelby simon whose designs made it into scad 's annual fashion show .
see the runway fashions » " everyone needs an assistant so hopefully i 'll be able to find something pretty easily , " said caitlin clarke .
she would like to land an internship in new york and has interviewed with new york & co. and applied for positions at oscar de la renta , calvin klein and zac posen .
houston , texas ( cnn ) -- alexander reyes ' boyhood dream of a military career ended when he was hit by an improvised explosive device during a patrol two years ago in baghdad .
" laying in that hospital bed ... sometimes i felt i 'd rather [ have ] died , " reyes said .
" my life came to a complete halt . "
reyes sustained severe blast injuries that led to his medical discharge ; he 's on 100 percent medical disability .
like many soldiers wounded in iraq and afghanistan , reyes , now 24 , found the transition to civilian life difficult .
but he and a handful of other injured veterans are getting help from what may seem an unlikely source : a custom home builder in houston , texas .
dan wallrath recently presented reyes and his wife with an unexpected gift : a home built especially for them , mortgage-free .
" thank you .
that 's all i can say , " elizabeth reyes said , sobbing and clutching her stunned husband 's arm as wallrath surprised them with the house .
for wallrath , giving wounded veterans a place to call home is his way of saying thanks .
since 2005 , his organization has built four houses .
five more are under construction , and he 's expanding his idea into a national campaign called operation finally home .
do you know a hero ?
nominations are open for 2010 cnn heroes wallrath spent 30 years making upscale clients ' dream houses a reality .
but he found a new mission in 2005 when he met with steve schulz about a very different type of project .
schulz 's 20-year old son , a u.s. marine , had been gravely injured in iraq .
( cnn ) -- lionel messi has agreed a new contract with barcelona , which will keep the argentine at the spanish club until 2018 .
the 25-year-old already had a deal that expired with the european giants in 2016 , but that has now been extended by two years .
the 21-time spanish champions have also verbally agreed new deals with midfielder xavi , who will extend his contract from 2014 until 2016 , while defender carles puyol , whose contract had been due to expire next year , will stay with barca until 2016 .
none of the players has yet to put pen to paper on their new contracts but the barca website says this will happen " over the course of the next few weeks " .
" this news means that fc barcelona has secured its ties with three of its most important players , " the club said on its official website .
at the age of 11 , messi was diagnosed with a growth hormone deficiency and neither his existing club in his home town rosario -- newell 's old boys -- nor buenos aires giants river plate were prepared to provide the money to treat his condition , which amounted to some us$ 1,000 per month .
abidjan , ivory coast ( cnn ) -- the broadcast antennae for ivory coast 's state news agency was targeted saturday night by youths loyal to president-elect alassane ouattara , according to his representative to south africa .
patrice mallet told cnn that ouattara supporters attacked radiodiffusion-television-ivoirienne ( rti ) , calling it a " tool " used by disputed president laurent gbagbo " to spread hate and xenophobia . "
mallet also accused gbagbo 's armed youth league , known as the young patriots , along with armed forces loyal to gbagbo , of committing " gross human rights violations " over the past week and a half during fighting that has left the commercial capital , abidjan , in an increasingly lawless situation .
people have been burned alive or gunned down in public because they are supporters of ouattara , mallet said .
in november , both incumbent gbagbo and challenger ouattara claimed victory in the presidential election run-off .
an independent electoral commission declared ouattara the winner , but gbagbo has refused to step aside .
gbagbo is also tracking down ouattara backers on social networks and chat rooms , mallet said .
the young patriots are run by charles ble goude , gbagbo 's minister of youth .
on friday , he called on gbagbo supporters to impede the movement of united nations forces around the country " by any means . "
there have also been clashes between gbagbo and ouattara supporters in the central cities , yamoussoukro and daoukro , in addition to ongoing fighting in abidjan .
brad , texas ( cnn ) -- firefighters have made some progress in battling a spreading wildfire in northern texas , but dry conditions contributed to a rash of new fires as well , officials said thursday .
the 101 ranch fire in palo pinto county had scorched 6,200 acres as of thursday , according to the texas forest service .
however , " we feel much better about this fire today " as the blaze is now 50 % contained , said john nichols , spokesman for the forest service .
some evacuations were lifted , he said .
the flames have destroyed 40 homes and nine rvs , the forest service said thursday .
firefighters were receiving support from aerial tankers and helicopters .
authorities are working on a re-entry strategy for residents , said palo pinto county sheriff ira mercer , and they are trying to get the lake open for the labor day holiday .
on wednesday , evacuations were ordered in several communities on the north side of the lake after the fire charged over a ridge and approached a dam on the lake , cnn affiliate wfaa reported .
the forest service pulled out of its command observation post , telling journalists and onlookers to get out of the way of the flames .
" my house is right through here , though it may be gone , " he told wfaa .
nearby ranchers battled to save their herds from the encroaching fire .
" i 'm just moving them from pasture to pasture , " cindi mccoy told wfaa , referring to her livestock .
( cnn ) -- inter milan are once again five points behind rivals ac milan at the top of the italian serie a table after crushing genoa 5-2 at the san siro on sunday .
however , inter were a different side in the second-half and three goals in seven minutes completely turned the match around .
the home side leveled in the 50th minute when giampaolo mazzini slotted home maicon 's cross and they took the lead a minute later when samuel eto'o converted a rebound after goran pandev 's shot was fumbled by goalkeeper eduardo .
and eto'o added his second goal just six minutes later with a superb individual effort , the cameroon striker 's 18th goal of the season .
goran pandev made it 4-1 in the 68th minute , after being set-up by eto'o and wesley sneijder , and yuto nagatomo netted his first goal for the club to complete the scoring .
mauro boselli 's late header proved little more than a consolation goal for the visitors .
meanwhile , third-placed napoli lost more ground on the top two after being held to a goalless draw by lowly brescia at the san paolo , with coach walter mazzarri sent to the stands in the first half for arguing with the referee .
the naples side are now eight points off the top and just two points ahead of fourth placed lazio , who saw off palermo 2-0 thanks to an early double from giuseppe sculli .
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- michael jackson 's sister , latoya jackson , told a london newspaper she suspects her brother was " murdered " in a conspiracy by " a shadowy entourage . "
michael jackson " was surrounded by a bad circle , " latoya jackson told a british newspaper .
london 's daily mail newspaper paid for the interview , according to a source close to the jackson family and another source familiar with the interview arrangements .
the amount of money paid was not disclosed .
latoya jackson was " very candid " throughout the four-hour interview , which took place in los angeles , california , last thursday , said caroline graham , the daily mail reporter who conducted the interview .
jackson cited no evidence of a murder conspiracy , graham said , but she did tell the paper the family has seen results from the private autopsy it ordered .
she would not reveal the findings , graham said .
watch reporter describe latoya 's demeanor » " there indeed had been concern among several family members about the circumstances around michael 's death , " said bryan monroe , the last journalist to interview michael jackson .
" some folks have hesitated to go as far as saying it was murder . "
the los angeles coroner could release his autopsy report on jackson within a week , according to assistant chief coroner ed winter .
los angeles police chief william bratton told cnn last week that he was waiting for the coroner to determine the exact cause of jackson 's death .
the jackson family knows that the probe into his june 25 death might turn into a criminal case , a source close to the family told cnn last thursday .
yangon , myanmar ( cnn ) -- when burmese commuters have an accident they do n't dial 911 or any ordinary emergency service .
they call the country 's version of marlon brando , a heartthrob in the 1980s and 90s who turned his back on the film industry to run a fleet of ambulances and bury the nation 's dead .
after that they disappeared .
a few days later she passed away -- so this dead body had no owner , " kyaw thu told cnn at this office on the outskirts of yangon , myanmar 's largest city .
at the time , it was n't uncommon ; poor families would often sneak out in the dead of night to bury their dead , he said .
and so began the free funeral service society , founded in collaboration with multi-award winning late burmese writer and director thukha , which now also provides a free library , education , medical , dental care and disaster relief .
from films to funerals kyaw thu 's decision to leave the film industry was n't entirely his own .
in 2007 , he was arrested and later banned from the film industry after being accused of supporting the saffron revolution .
( cnn ) -- when rehab and alcoholics anonymous meetings did n't work for eddie freas , he sought another way to kick his 20-year drug and alcohol addiction .
eddie freas fights drug addiction by putting all his energy into training for triathlons .
he swam 2.4 miles .
he biked 112 miles .
he ran 26.2 miles .
the pennsville , new jersey , resident found relief in triathlons .
" i feel better when i 'm working out , " said freas , 33 .
" it does wonders for the mind .
the reason i started running -- it was a switch that went off in my head .
i started feeling positive and feeling great about myself . "
freas spent his youth in pursuit of drugs .
at the age of 13 , he snuck bottles of amaretto and rum from his mother 's liquor cabinet .
by his senior year of high school , freas was kicked off the wrestling and football teams after failing a drug test .
then in 2007 , after a three-day binge , " i came home and was crying , " freas said .
" i was so depressed .
i turned on the tv . "
the set was tuned to espn , which was airing a story about a former drug addict who competed in triathlons .
exercise is essential .
" we still have quite a few left if louisiana needs those , " david paulison said .
" but we did find out , we did ask louisiana , ' do you want these ? '
they said , ' no , we do n't need them . '
a cnn investigation revealed last week that fema gave away 121 truckloads of material the agency amassed after 2005 's hurricane katrina .
paulison told cnn 's " late edition with wolf blitzer " his agency distributed more than 90,000 " living kits " to people in louisiana whose homes were destroyed or damaged by katrina .
the kits included cleaning supplies , mops , brooms , pots and pans .
after cnn reported on the giveaway , louisiana officials asked that the supplies be redirected to the state , which originally passed on them .
john medica , director of the louisiana 's federal property assistance agency , told cnn he was unaware katrina victims still needed the items because no agency had contacted his office .
sen. mary landrieu of louisiana , an outspoken critic of fema 's response to the hurricane , told cnn the supply giveaway was " just a shame . "
( cnn ) -- chelsea has rewarded roberto di matteo for guiding the english club to its first european champions league triumph by appointing him as manager on a permanent basis .
the italian , who also guided the london team to english fa cup glory , has been handed a two-year contract .
the former chelsea midfielder took temporary charge of the team following the sacking of andre villas-boas in march , having previously served as the portuguese 's assistant .
" chelsea football club is delighted to announce that roberto di matteo has been appointed manager and first-team coach on a permanent basis , " the four-time english champion 's website reported wednesday .
di matteo , who played for chelsea between 1996 and 2002 , oversaw the team 's dramatic penalty shootout win in european club football 's biggest match in may .
our aim is to continue building on that and i 'm already planning and looking forward to the squad 's return for preseason . "
chelsea chief executive ron gourlay said he was confident the former italy international could continue his early success .
" roberto 's quality was clear for all to see when he galvanized the squad last season and helped the club make history , and the owner and board are very pleased he will be continuing his good work , " said gourlay .
three new york courts have rejected one group 's legal effort to grant captive chimpanzees in that state the same rights as a " legal person . "
the nonhuman rights project filed three separate suits on behalf of four chimpanzees in new york state last week in a bid to secure for tommy , kiko , hercules and leo -- all male chimps held in various parts of the state -- the " right to bodily liberty . "
the lawsuits asked that the four chimpanzees be moved to a sanctuary " where they can live out their days with others of their kind in an environment as close to the wild as is possible in north america , " the group said .
the group says it will appeal the courts ' decisions .
" these outcomes allow the nhrp to proceed to the appellate courts , " nhrp spokeswoman stacey doss told cnn .
are we really different from animals ?
tommy 's owner , pat levery , dismissed the notion that he confines the 26-year-old chimp to a prison .
tommy lives in a cage on a trailer lot in gloversville , new york .
" totally ridiculous " he said of the lawsuit , which he has not read .
" i 'd be happy to show you tommy 's home , to show you how well he is cared for , " levery said .
when reached by cnn monday , he did not know the suit had been rejected .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- authorities confiscated an antique gun and some bullets from the home of charlie sheen after a search , the actor 's divorce attorney said friday .
gross said no drugs were found and police were courteous during the thursday night search -- a sentiment authorities echoed about the actor .
" mr. sheen was very cooperative and we are done , " said los angeles police spokeswoman norma eisenman .
the actor took to twitter immediately afterward , informing his 2.5 million followers , " the lapd were awesome .
they can protect and serve this warlock anytime !!!
c. " the restraining order was filed march 1 after sheen 's estranged wife , brooke mueller , requested it , alleging that he had threatened to kill her .
" i will cut your head off , put it in a box and send it to your mom , " mueller claims that sheen told her late last month .
the restraining order states sheen can not possess , have , buy or try to buy , receive or try to receive , or in any other way get guns , other firearms or ammunition .
it came to the attention of the los angeles police department that sheen is the registered owner of firearms , eisenman said , and the search was conducted to see if any firearms or ammunition were in his possession .
( cnn ) -- noah baumbach is emerging as an emotionally acute , not to say eviscerating , observer of the middle-class intelligentsia , the kind of people who write letters to " the new york times " and might plausibly pop up in a woody allen movie .
unlike the woodman , baumbach does n't show his face on screen , but his films are no less personal for that : " the squid and the whale " was a sometimes wincingly autobiographical account of two boys torn between their divorcing parents , and he 's not one to deflect an insight with a wisecrack .
the cracks just cut deeper .
i 've rarely experienced an audience recoil from a character as passionately as they did to nicole kidman 's toxically self-absorbed writer in " margot at the wedding " ( maybe her best performance , incidentally ) .
these are comedies in the sense that the characters are painfully ridiculous -- and all too recognizably real -- but baumbach sure does n't make it easy for himself , or us .
greenberg ( only his brother calls him roger ) can feed the family dog , but the truth is that he desperately needs to regroup and recharge after a spell in a mental hospital .
he has one friend , ivan ( rhys ifans ) , who still has time for him and a wider circle of former friends who do n't .
we soon learn that greenberg used to front a band , but it fell apart after he turned down a recording deal , and he 's been in new york ever since , under-achieving on a permanent basis .
( cnn ) -- three american college students detained in cairo since monday night were released from police custody friday and were headed to the airport to return to the united states , an attorney for one of the men said .
the men will board three separate commercial flights to return home , according to joy sweeney , the mother of derrik sweeney .
theodore simon , an attorney for the family of gregory porter , told cnn that " his parents anxiously await his return . "
the three -- porter , sweeney and luke gates -- were arrested after being accused of throwing molotov cocktails in the unrest that has rattled the country since last week .
their release was ordered thursday .
joy sweeney said earlier friday that the paperwork to release the men had been completed .
" he 's extremely excited , " kevin sweeney said of his son .
the family was planning to hold a belated thanksgiving meal sunday .
joy sweeney said her son told her wednesday in a telephone call that " they had done nothing wrong . "
sweeney , 19 , is a georgetown university student from jefferson city , missouri ; porter , 19 , is from glenside , pennsylvania , and attends drexel university in philadelphia ; and gates , 21 , of bloomington , indiana , goes to indiana university .
adel saeed , the general prosecutor 's spokesman , said wednesday that a bag filled with empty bottles , a bottle of gasoline , a towel and a camera had been found with the three american students .
but the attorney representing jeremy irwin and deborah bradley , parents of 11-month-old lisa irwin , said the couple is not opposed to separate interviews , but do not want what police requested -- an unrestricted interview with no attorneys present .
" being questioned separately is not the issue , " said attorney cyndy short .
they do n't mind being interviewed separately as long as the detectives are fair , open-minded and non-accusatory , she said .
the girl 's mother , deborah bradley , said she last saw lisa at 6:40 p.m. the night before .
kansas city police capt. steve young said tuesday investigators had planned to conduct the separate parent interviews , but said wednesday the couple had declined .
young said he did not dispute reports that the family had cooperated and answered questions , but the police department detectives still had unanswered questions .
meanwhile , lisa 's half-brothers , who were in the family 's home the night she disappeared , will be re-interviewed by authorities on friday , kansas city police said wednesday .
the boys will be interviewed by a " child services specialist trained to interview kids , " young said .
the interview will be non-confrontational , he said , and a police officer wo n't even be in the room .
mexico city ( cnn ) -- hours after mexico 's presumed president-elect , enrique peña nieto , said it was time for his country to leave behind the political rancor of campaign season , his closest opponent in the polls refused to concede and said the vote had been " plagued by irregularities . "
andres manuel lopez obrador , who election authorities projected as the runner-up in sunday 's presidential vote , said monday that he was awaiting the official election results , and prepared to contest them before judicial authorities if they did n't turn out in his favor .
" the election was plagued by irregularities before , during and after the process , " said lopez obrador .
the democratic revolution party candidate 's declarations echoed comments he made in 2006 , when election authorities said the leftist candidate narrowly lost the presidential race to felipe calderon .
lopez obrador claimed election fraud and never conceded , referring to himself afterward as " the legitimate president of mexico . "
his supporters protested nationwide .
on monday , lopez obrador called on his supporters to wait for the official results .
the federal election institute 's verification of individual poll results begins wednesday .
" we have to be constructive and put aside our differences , which are only for competitions and electoral contests , " peña nieto said monday .
" yesterday i indicated that ( after ) this tense and divisive atmosphere , which is natural in all democratic contests , we have to turn the page and move on to enter another chapter , another moment in our political lives , with a willingness and spirit that are constructive and purposeful . "
( cnn ) -- winning a pageant title is life-changing , especially during the year of your reign .
if it 's a big crown , like a state title , it can be like a full-time gig as you prepare for the national event and make appearances .
elizabeth fechtel set right to work after getting her tiara on june 21 , when she was named miss florida .
but now , she wo n't be going to the premier beauty contest .
the executive director of the pageant said on facebook that the organization had to make things right .
fechtel 's mother , dixie , told the orlando sentinel she was told that one judge changed his mind in the last 15 seconds and tried to indicate it on his ballot .
" it was a human error , " sullivan told the paper .
" we have two auditors ... but they unfortunately missed one of the markings on the ballot . "
( cnn ) -- helena costa has had second thoughts over coaching french second-tier side clermont foot .
in may , clermont appointed costa , who was previously in charge of the iran women 's national team , as the club 's manager for next season .
clermont president claude michy described the 36-year-old portuguese 's decision as " sudden and surprising , " though no explanation was given for her change of heart .
in a statement published on the club 's website michy added : " i deeply regret this situation .
i thank all those who have supported me and i am most grateful .
the operation of the club will continue with other stakeholders to prepare for the new season . "
costa would have been the first female coach of a french professional football club , while her appointment represented the first time a team in the top two divisions of one of europe 's big five leagues -- spain , germany , england , italy and france -- had hired a female manager .
a sports science graduate , costa had worked with the iran and qatar women 's national teams , while she also led benfica 's male youth team to two world youth titles .
the english premier league boasts two high-profile females , with eva carneiro fulfilling the role of chelsea 's first-team doctor , while karren brady is west ham 's vice chairman .
former england women 's national team manager hope powell was linked with the grimsby job in 2009 , although she denied that she was ever in the running for the post .
in italy , carolina morace took charge of italian serie c1 team viterbese for two matches in 1999 .
oslo , norway ( cnn ) -- the suspect in the bombing and mass shooting in norway believed the terrorist attacks were " horrible , " but " in his head ( they ) were necessary , " a man who identified himself as the suspect 's lawyer told norwegian broadcaster tv2 .
breivik " is ready to explain himself " in a court hearing monday , lippestad said .
cnn unsuccessfully attempted to contact lippestad .
local media have identified the man as breivik , who has been described as a right-wing christian fundamentalist .
" it 's very difficult at this point to say whether he was acting alone or whether he was acting as part of a larger network , " sponheim said .
the suspect has been talking to authorities , but sponheim described the day-long interrogations as " difficult . "
at least four people are still missing , he said , as investigators continued to search for bodies of victims of the bomb attack in downtown oslo .
the fragility of the damaged structures have made it a slow process , he said .
( cnn ) -- apple ceo tim cook might soon be sharing silicon valley 's most expensive cup of coffee .
sometime in the next year , cook will sit down for a cup of mud with someone who has paid at least $ 210,000 for the privilege .
apple fandom taken to its craziest , and costliest , extreme ?
perhaps .
but it 's all for a good cause .
cook has volunteered , through the online-auction site charity buzz , to share up to an hour of his precious time with two lucky ( and deep-pocketed ) winners .
in the auction 's first day , cook had gotten 52 bids , starting at $ 5,000 and spiraling upward quickly .
the leading bid thursday evening was $ 210,000 , and there were still 19 days to go until bidding closes may 14 .
the winner may bring along one guest .
the move fits in with the more open public persona cook has adopted since replacing late apple ceo and co-founder steve jobs .
one of the knocks on jobs was that he never contributed much of his considerable fortune , or celebrity , to charity -- at least not in the public ways other tech titans like microsoft 's bill gates and facebook 's mark zuckerberg have .
by some measures , a $ 180,000 coffee meeting with the chief of the world 's leading tech company might be a bargain .
an anonymous bidder paid $ 3.4 million last year for lunch with investor warren buffett .
attorneys for the family of a 17-year-old student found dead in a rolled-up gym mat at a southern georgia high school called on authorities thursday to release surveillance video that they say could show what happened .
kendrick johnson , they allege , was slain in january -- counter to authorities ' conclusions that the three-sport athlete suffocated in the mat while reaching for a sneaker .
" there is one eyewitness that we know is available -- it is the video recordings made from surveillance cameras there in the gymnasium where the body was found , " attorney chevene b. king jr. told reporters in valdosta , georgia .
gym mat death shocker : body stuffed with newspaper attorney benjamin crump , who recently joined the case after representing the family of slain florida teenager trayvon martin , said that johnson was " murdered , and we intend to get to the truth of what happened . "
johnson was found dead at lowndes county high school in valdosta on january 11 , his body resting headfirst in the rolled wrestling mat .
a georgia bureau of investigation autopsy found that he died from positional asphyxia , and the lowndes county sheriff 's office determined the death was accidental .
teen 's death not accidental , family 's autopsy finds the lowndes county sheriff has declared the case closed , and the u.s. justice department said in september that it would n't open a civil rights investigation .
but michael moore , the u.s. attorney for the district that includes valdosta , is reviewing the case and weighing whether to open his own investigation .
( cnn ) -- as world cup openers go , this was about as bad as it gets for portugal .
thumped 4-0 by germany , one key defender sent off , another possibly out of the tournament with injury and its world player of the year looking decidedly unfit .
real madrid star cristiano ronaldo was n't lacking in effort but was as powerless as those around him to prevent portugal being steamrollered by der mannschaft in salvador .
latest world cup scores they were 1-0 down after 10 minutes when joao pereira was adjudged to have hauled down mario gotze .
fellow bayern munich star thomas muller confidently slotted home the penalty .
it was 2-0 when mats hummels thumped a header into the net from toni kroos ' corner .
just five minutes later , real madrid defender pepe tangled with muller , who sank theatrically to the turf claiming a hand to the face .
pepe then stood over his opponent and pushed his head towards muller 's , the referee producing a straight red card .
muller then struck just before the interval to put the game well beyond portugal , pouncing on a loose ball inside the area to fire past rui patricio .
portugal made a change at the break , as ricardo costa replaced miguel veloso , but it made little difference as germany continued to press home their advantage .
mesut ozil , who plays for arsenal , should have found the net when played through on goal but he hit his shot straight at patricio .
new brunswick , new jersey ( cnn ) -- the man tyler clementi was intimate with just days before he committed suicide took the stand friday , telling jurors that he had noticed a web camera aimed at clementi 's bed .
the witness , who prosecutors named only as " m.b. " to protect his identity , testified during the sixth day of the trial of a former rutgers university student , dharun ravi .
ravi is accused of spying on and intimidating clementi , his former university roommate , because he was gay .
at one point when they were together in the dorm room , m.b. glanced over at ravi 's desk and saw " a camera lens pointed at ( clementi 's ) bed . "
he also testified that he had briefly met ravi while visiting clementi .
ravi on one occasion allegedly left the room and came back , " walked to his desk , shuffled around a bit and then walked out . "
m.b. testified that on september 19 , 2010 , he drove to meet clementi at his building , three days after the first visit .
when he left , m.b. said he saw about five people milling around the hallway who seemed to be looking at him .
but they were looking at him in a way that made him wonder why they were staring , he said .
" but as i was a guest in their building , i just brushed it off . "
hong kong ( cnn ) -- a car theft in china that spiraled into a manhunt and a baby 's killing has left the country grieving and sparked outrage on social media .
his father , xu jialin , said he and his wife identified their two-month-old son , according to state-run news agency xinhua .
thousands gathered in a square tuesday night in changchun , the capital of jilin province , to mourn the baby , killed by " a thief who found the missing boy sleeping in a car he had stolen , " xinhua reported .
the 48-year-old man , identified as zhou xijun , turned himself in to police tuesday and confessed that he had killed the baby and buried him in the snow , xinhua reported , citing local police .
xu , the father , had parked his car monday in front of the supermarket he runs in changchun and entered the store to turn on a stove , leaving his son in the back seat with the car 's engine still running , according to state-run news reports .
he called police immediately .
more than 8,000 police and hundreds of volunteers joined a search for the child for two days .
he then abandoned the baby 's clothes and the car in the nearby city of gongzhuling , " xinhua reported .
( mental floss ) -- it 's hard to walk down the aisle of a liquor store without running across a bottle bearing someone 's name .
a costumed reveler at a captain morgan party celebrates the rum named after the 17th century privateer .
we put them in our cocktails , but how well do we know them ?
here 's some biographical detail on the men behind your favorite tipples : 1 .
captain morgan the captain was n't always just the choice of sorority girls looking to blend spiced rum with diet coke ; in the 17th century he was a feared privateer .
not only did the welsh pirate marry his own cousin , he ran risky missions for the governor of jamaica , including capturing some spanish prisoners in cuba and sacking port-au-prince in haiti .
he later looted and burned panama city , but his pillaging career came to an end when spain and england signed a peace treaty in 1671 .
mental floss : 5 drinking stories that put yours to shame 2 .
johnnie walker walker , the name behind the world 's most popular brand of scotch whisky , was born in 1805 in ayrshire , scotland .
when his father died in 1819 , johnnie inherited a trust of a little over 400 pounds , which the trustees invested in a grocery store .
walker became a very successful grocer in the town of kilmarnock and even sold a whisky , walker 's kilmarnock whisky .
madrid , spain ( cnn ) -- spain 's spy agency chief said tuesday a suspected double agent had been arrested who revealed the names of spanish spies and other state secrets to a foreign nation .
spain 's ser radio reported the recipient nation was russia .
the suspect , robert flores garcia , was arrested monday morning at his home on tenerife island in spain 's canary islands .
he passed secrets in exchange for hefty payments from december 2001 to february 2004 , said the spy chief , alberto saiz , head of the national intelligence agency ( known by its spanish initials cni ) .
saiz , at a news conference , refused to publicly identify the recipient country , but spain 's ser radio , said it was russia , citing unnamed sources .
flores resigned from his position at the spy agency in january 2004 , saiz said .
spain is a member country of both organizations .
but saiz said the alleged revelations of the suspected double agent forced spain to substitute a number of its spies .
the suspect allegedly revealed the names of dozens of spanish spies , possibly including the seven spanish spies killed in an ambush south of baghdad in november 2003 , saiz said .
the eight spies , were in iraq to provide intelligence for spanish troops who were stationed at the time in iraq as part of the u.s.-led coalition .
( cnn ) -- on nikola tesla 's 158th birthday , it was the effort to build a museum in the influential scientist 's honor that got the gift .
elon musk , the magnate and inventor behind electric-car company tesla motors , has pledged $ 1 million to the tesla science center in shoreham , new york , on the site of wardenclyffe , tesla 's only remaining laboratory .
and it 's all due , at least in large part , to an appeal from a webcomic creator .
matthew inman , whose comic and website the oatmeal draws millions of readers each month , wrote thursday that he had spoken to musk and confirmed the pledge .
" so , i had a call with elon musk earlier this week ... " inman wrote on his site .
he said musk , who named his car company as a tribute to the inventor , told him two things during the phone call : that he would install a tesla charging station in the museum 's parking lot and that he 'll donate the million to the effort to fully restore and operate it .
jane alcorn , president of the tesla science center , announced the pledge at a birthday party at the center on thursday . "
" we are excited and extremely grateful for mr. musk 's generous gift to tesla science center , and also to matthew inman for arranging the opportunity . "
the tesla science center had confirmed the news on its twitter feed earlier .
" this is amazing news .
and it 's nikola tesla 's 158th birthday .
happy nikola tesla day . "
( cnn ) -- cockiness and swagger serve him on the golf course , but there 's much more to golf 's young phenom , rory mcilroy .
the u.s. open winner might hang with tennis great rafael nadal , knock back some heinekens or slip the electronic dance sounds of swedish house mafia into his ipod .
such tidbits are rolling out these days from the 22-year-old hero of holywood , northern ireland , who won the tournament by eight strokes and instantly drew comparisons to tiger woods .
" i did n't realize how much my life would change , even in the last 10 days , " mcilroy said on " piers morgan tonight , " aired thursday .
he was the youngest winner of the tournament since the legendary bobby jones in 1923 .
for someone under a spotlight these days , the athlete with a tousle of hair looked at ease during his interview with morgan .
" to me , i won a golf tournament and that was the end of it , " mcilroy said .
but it really is bigger than that . "
he paid tribute to his parents , who both worked when he grew up .
his father , gerry , held down three jobs and was a " calming influence " during the u.s. open , said mcilroy , an only child .
the u.s. open gave the golfer a shot of redemption after his final-round meltdown at the masters in april .
while saying he was inspired by woods , mcilroy is n't one to compare himself .
denver ( cnn ) -- to the political world , october 3 is a high-stakes night in the presidential election .
" i told barack , ' this , you know , attending a presidential debate on my 20th anniversary is probably the worst way for me to spend ( it ) . '
... i get so nervous at these debates , " she said in a recent interview alongside her brother , craig robinson .
10 debate moments that mattered twenty years ago , michelle robinson wed barack obama in a chicago ceremony .
she never would have predicted spending her 20th wedding anniversary on a double date with the romneys .
" i would not have chosen this , but i 'm excited about it , " she said .
in fact , she suggested that she worries about her own performance , with all eyes judging her every reaction .
... so i 'm just trying to make sure i 'm following the rules , " obama said .
she may have jitters on debate day , but she was not nervous when she wed young barack obama in 1992 .
instead , she was focused on the next step : their honeymoon .
" it was just sort of , ' ok , now we 're going to do this , and we 'll get it done , and then we 'll go on our honeymoon , ' " she remembered .
" so i was really excited about the honeymoon , actually . "
pittsburgh , pennsylvania ( cnn ) -- getting a 4-year-old to eat his lunch of pizza and applesauce on a recent saturday afternoon was n't exactly what sam and diane mcmutrie thought they 'd be doing after their three kids grew up .
the couple , in their 50s , are raising fredo after his birth mother in haiti gave him to an orphanage .
" in so many ways he 's changed us , " said diane mcmutrie .
" i 'm glad that he 's here , i 'm glad that we can make a difference in his life . "
" he makes us smile everyday , he makes us laugh , he says the cutest things and he 's just now the love of our life . "
fredo arrived in pittsburgh six months ago -- just a week after the january 12 earthquake devastated his home country and destroyed his orphanage .
the mcmutries ' daughters played a key role in getting fredo out of haiti and into their parents ' lives .
about two years ago , daughters jamie , 30 , and ali , 22 , were working at an orphanage in haiti when they called with an unusual request : they wanted to know if their parents would be willing to adopt fredo .
" i do n't consider ourselves special , " said sam mcmutrie .
" we just happen to be adopting a haitian boy who our daughters love and thought it would be great for us . "
( cnn ) -- while several high-profile actors and directors have rallied around roman polanski , not everyone in hollywood believes he should be freed and forgiven .
the case surrounding the arrest of director roman polanski has both supporters and critics .
in the face of a petition signed by notables such as woody allen , martin scorsese and john landis calling for the immediate release of polanski following his detainment in switzerland , a backlash is building against such support .
" i ca n't believe that hollywood has separated itself so completely from american morality , " said paul petersen , a former child actor and president of a minor consideration , which advocates on behalf of young performers .
" it is yet another case of hollywood being out of sync with most of america . "
in the years since , the director known for " chinatown " and " rosemary 's baby " settled in france and avoided authorities until he was arrested saturday while on his way to the zurich film festival .
this extradition , if it takes place , will be heavy in consequences and will take away his freedom . "
polanski 's detention has stirred debate over whether he should be returned to the united states to face possible imprisonment .
when bashar al-assad succeeded his father hafez assad in 2000 , there was the promise of a modern and more democratic syria .
in his inauguration speech , al-assad indicated he would be a very different kind of leader to his father .
" i shall try my very best to lead our country towards a future that fulfils the hopes and legitimate ambitions of our people , " he said .
his official website says he has built free-trade zones , licensed more private newspapers and private universities , and fought government waste and corruption .
he has also worked on social and economic reform .
but while there have been some changes during his rule , many say al-assad 's promises have largely not been delivered .
human rights watch has called his time as president " the wasted decade " with a media that remains controlled by the state , a monitored and censored internet and prisons still filled with dissidents .
former vice president abdel halim khaddam said bashar was often the victim of his elder brother 's cruelty .
" his brother basil bullied him as a child .
his father never gave him as much attention as basil , " khaddam said .
al-assad 's uncle rifaat , who left syria in 1984 after being involved in a failed coup , also recalled the future president .
" he is very different than his father .
he is being perceived as the leader but he follows what the regime decides on his behalf . "
washington ( cnn ) -- president barack obama 's assertion of executive privilege ahead of a hearing before a house committee , which subsequently recommended his attorney general be cited for contempt of congress , sets up a fight that has had mixed results in the past .
at stake are justice department documents relating to the flawed fast and furious gunrunning sting that house oversight committee chairman darrell issa , r-california , wants in his hands , and that attorney general eric holder says are confidential .
the white house move means the department of justice can withhold the documents from the committee , which recommended by a 23-17 vote wednesday that holder be cited for contempt .
more details : house panel recommends contempt citation if it votes to issue a contempt citation , a statement of facts would be delivered to the u.s. attorney in the district of columbia , " whose duty it shall be to bring the matter before the grand jury for its action , " according to the law governing contempt citations .
" it 's there to give the executive branch some breathing room for its own deliberations , " said josh chafetz , professor of law at cornell law school .
executive privilege " has a long history , but it often plays out very differently , " he said .
the last major confrontation over executive privilege also involved the justice department , but the partisan roles were reversed .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- actor wesley snipes said he was nervous about going to jail on thursday , but was hopeful that his prayers would be answered .
" we still have prayers out there .
we still believe in miracles .
the 48-year-old actor will report to mckean federal correctional institution in lewis run , pennsylvania , thursday to begin serving a three-year sentence for failing to file tax returns .
snipes ' attorney said he is appealing snipes ' misdemeanor convictions for not filing tax returns in 1999 , 2000 and 2001 .
snipes was acquitted of felony charges .
the actor conceded he was uneasy about losing his freedom if his appeal to the u.s. supreme court fails .
" i think any man would be nervous if his liberty is at stake , " snipes said .
" i 'm disappointed that the system seems not to be working for me in this situation . "
prosecutors said snipes earned $ 40 million since 1999 but had filed no returns and had been involved in a tax resisters group .
" this is another thing that has been misreported : it has been framed that i was a conspirator and that i was an architect in a scheme by an organization that has been characterized as tax protesters , " snipes said .
" the press has n't reported that i was a client of people who i trusted [ who ] had knowledge and expertise in the areas of tax law that would protect my interests . "
swimming superstar michael phelps , who has 14 olympic gold medals from his three previous olympics , could only manage fourth place in a disappointing performance .
" i think i am in shock right now .
going into these games i knew i was capable of getting the win .
i 'm happy that i was able to do that , " said lochte .
the rivalry between lochte and phelps has dominated the build up to this year 's swimming competition , but phelps could n't live up to the hype as he struggled to find the form that helped him win eight golds in eight days at the 2008 beijing olympics .
with first lady michelle obama in attendance , lochte , the current fina male swimmer of the year , dominated the race from the start .
the six-time olympic medal winner , including three golds , opened up an early lead and never looked liked being caught in the race that combines four different strokes .
phelps has n't missed out on a medal since finishing fifth in the 200m butterfly at the 2000 sydney olympics , but he ends day one empty handed after finishing behind surprise medal winners thiago pereira and kosuke hagino .
they swam a better race than me , they swam a smarter race than me and that is why they are on the podium , " said phelps , who is scheduled to compete in seven events at the games .
some they can overcome .
some are fodder for late-night comedians .
some are deadly to their campaigns .
the american public is smarter than most political campaigns give us credit for .
we may not be geniuses -- me included -- but we intuitively grasp when a politician has merely slipped up or when he or she has revealed something much more significant .
the first type of political gaffes are just that : mistakes .
for example , when then-presidential candidate barack obama said he had campaigned in " 57 states . "
or when rep. michele bachmann suggested that the american revolution had started in new hampshire .
the only time they 're potentially fatal is if they occur with such frequency that they begin to define the politician .
then there are the gaffes that are not gaffes at all .
these reveal the candidate 's views on an issue or a character flaw that we had not previously seen .
akin assessing candidacy with conservatives in florida his statement that a woman being raped could magically shut off her reproductive system and avoid becoming pregnant was so outrageous that even mitt romney quickly denounced him .
( surprising , because romney failed to condemn rush limbaugh 's despicable comments regarding sandra fluke , the law student whom limbaugh called a " slut " on his radio show after she appeared before congress to discuss contraception . )
akin 's statement also brought national attention to his radical position that a woman who becomes pregnant from rape should be required to carry the baby to term .
columbia , south carolina ( cnn ) -- it 's september of 2014 , but bakari sellers is already getting calls and visits from the small crop of democrats considering a 2016 presidential bid .
few voters outside south carolina have heard of him .
but he 's a young star in the state 's democratic party , and as a key political figure in a pivotal early primary state , sellers could play an outsized role in electing the next president .
for obama , having the sellers name on his campaign steering committee did n't hurt : bakari 's father , cleveland sellers , is a civil rights icon in the state , jailed in the aftermath of the 1968 " orangeburg massacre " in which three black students were killed by police .
today , at the advanced age of 29 , sellers is serving his fourth term in the state house â   and he 's being courted by the small crop of democrats considering a 2016 presidential bid , including vice president joe biden and maryland gov. martin o'malley .
hillary clinton has yet to come calling , but the ready for hillary super pac , eager to co-opt some of obama 's 2008 magic in south carolina , recently invited sellers to headline a fundraiser for the group .
belfast , northern ireland ( cnn ) -- ireland 's top roman catholic cleric , cardinal sean brady , was under mounting pressure to resign friday amid renewed allegations about his role in dealing with the sexual abuse of children by priests .
a british television documentary repeated claims made in 2010 that brady was told of attacks by pedophile priest father brendan smyth in 1975 but did not inform police or the parents of the victims .
new details and documents also were produced .
responding to the bbc program , brady repeated his defense that he had done his job by passing details of all allegations to his superiors .
he told cnn that he felt " betrayed " when he discovered that church officials had taken no action against smyth , who continued to abuse children for years throughout ireland and in the united states .
smyth was eventually imprisoned and has since died .
brady has accepted that during the 1970s , he was " part of an unhelpful culture of deference and silence in society and the church , " but he has insisted he does not intend to resign .
the catholic church in ireland said friday that a previous request from brady for pope benedict xvi to send a bishop to help him with his work would be " reactivated . "
calls continued from abuse victims and lawmakers in northern ireland and the republic of ireland for brady to step down .
( cnn ) -- professional ballet dancer michaela deprince was just three years old when she saw a ballerina for the first time .
she was standing near the gate of the orphanage she was living in the west african country of sierra leone when she found a magazine with a female ballet dancer on the cover .
the image of the beautiful , smiling ballerina mesmerized the young orphan , who had just lost both of her parents .
" i was just so fascinated by this person , by how beautiful she was , how she was wearing such a beautiful costume , " she remembers .
" so i ripped the cover off and i put it in my underwear . "
but she kept onto the picture , dreaming of one day becoming as happy as the ballerina on the magazine cover .
" i was so upset in the orphanage , i have no idea how i got through it but seeing that , it completely saved me . "
shortly after , deprince was adopted by an american couple and began a new life in the united states .
today , at the age of 17 , she is one of the ballet world 's rising stars -- last month she traveled to south africa to make her professional debut in johannesburg .
( cnn ) -- after months of speculation , one of formula one 's worst kept secrets has finally been confirmed .
fernando alonso , the double world champion who recently left ferrari , will rejoin mclaren for the 2015 season , which gets underway in march .
between them , alonso and button have won three world titles , 47 grands prix and achieved 147 podium finishes from a combined 500 races .
now 33 , alonso will be expected to boost mclaren 's fortunes after a season which saw it struggle to match the pace set by the all-conquering mercedes team .
" but , more than a year ago , mclaren-honda contacted me and asked me to take part , in a very active way , in the return of their partnership -- a partnership that dominated the formula 1 scene for so long . "
between 1988 and 1992 , mclaren and honda won 44 grands prix out of 80 , with ayrton senna and alain prost winning all but one of the 16 races in one season .
" i still remember , as a kid , the posters in my wardrobe , my toy cars in which i dreamed i would one day emulate ayrton , and the kart that my father built for my older sister , and that i ended up falling in love with , " alonso added .
new york ( cnn ) -- lillo brancato jr. , an actor who appeared in " the sopranos , " was acquitted of the 2005 killing an off-duty new york city police officer but found guilty of attempted burglary .
lillo brancato jr. appeared on " the sopranos " and played alongside robert de niro in " a bronx tale . "
brancato , 32 , was also acquitted of two counts of burglary , but could face three to 15 years in prison on the attempted burglary charge .
police officer daniel enchautegui , 28 , was killed trying to break up a burglary attempt at his neighbor 's house in the bronx in december 2005 .
brancato said he knew the owner of the home , and that he and friend steven armento , 51 , were drinking at a strip club when they decided to go hunt for valium .
brancato told the jury that the owner , a vietnam veteran , gave him permission to come to his house and take painkillers or other pills whenever he wanted .
when brancato and armento entered the home , the next door neighbor -- enchautegui -- came outside to investigate .
that 's when prosecutors said armento shot the officer through the heart with his .357 magnum .
armento was sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole in november .
the jury in that trial took less than six hours to convict armento .
( cnn ) -- a florida woman accused in the death of a lottery millionaire pleaded not guilty at a court hearing monday in hillsborough county , cnn affiliate bay news 9 reported .
dorice " dee dee " moore is charged with first-degree murder in the death of abraham shakespeare , a truck driver turned lottery millionaire .
she was arrested in february .
police said she befriended shakespeare after he won a $ 31 million florida lottery prize in 2006 .
she was named a person of interest after shakespeare , 43 , went missing .
deputies found his body outside a home in plant city in late january after receiving a tip from an associate of moore 's .
moore might have committed fraud to obtain parts of shakespeare 's fortune , and she bought lime to deal with his body and was trying to find someone to move the corpse before authorities could find it , police said .
shakespeare was killed on april 6 or april 7 , and moore has admitted trying to convince shakespeare 's family members that he was still alive , hillsborough county sheriff david gee has said .
her attempts included writing a letter to shakespeare 's mother , claiming to be him , and getting people to call his family members , using his cell phone and claiming they were shakespeare , gee said .
moore proclaimed her innocence before her arrest .
she told reporters said she was planning to help shakespeare write a book about the challenges of winning millions and that she was helping him manage the money .
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- michael jackson feared his father so much he would faint or vomit sometimes when his father entered the room -- even when the pop singer was an adult , according to a book written by a former jackson confidant .
rabbi shmuley boteach , michael jackson 's confidant , sat down with the king of pop and taped 30 hours of interviews .
" the michael jackson tapes " includes jackson talking about his fear of growing old , his relationship with children , his friendships with madonna and brooke shields , and his remarkable shyness around people that made his surround himself with mannequins .
jackson opened up to rabbi shmuley boteach for 30 hours of interviews , which were taped nine years ago and intended for a book jackson wanted written , boteach said .
" he was trying to reclaim his life , " boteach said friday in an nbc " today show " interview .
jackson , who died on june 25 of what the coroner found to be a deadly combination of drugs , " lost the will to live , i think he was just going through the motions of life toward the end , " boteach told nbc .
cnn has not independently confirmed jackson 's quotes in the book , but boteach was known to be a spiritual adviser to jackson for several years beginning about 1999 .
ken sunshine , spokesman for the family , including the singer 's father , joe , issued a statement on the book .
" we are not going to dignify this with a comment , " he said .
the book was not published during jackson 's lifetime because of the pop star 's child molestation trial , which ended with an acquittal in 2005 , the author said .
the author said jackson 's arrest ended any interest in a book about him .
" this is the blood of a martyr !
of a hero !
" this is his blood .
just hours before , rashid learned his son abdul was killed in battle in the syrian city of aleppo .
housam abdul rashid was a 22-year-old defector from the army .
the younger rashid is one of the casualties of the five-day-old rebel offensive on aleppo , the country 's commercial capital .
another rebel , who asked only to be named " khorshid " because his wife and children were still living in aleppo , described how his comrade was killed by a helicopter gunship , while climbing onto a rooftop .
another fighter from aleppo with him was also killed .
i was just 4 meters away when it happened . "
rebel commanders and fighters claimed they made gains , particularly in the neighborhood of salahuddin .
but they were also clearly suffering casualties .
what began 17 months ago as a peaceful protest movement has evolved into a full-fledged armed insurgency .
jay carney is stepping down as white house press secretary , president barack obama announced on friday .
obama said carney told him of his decision in april , and carney later said he plans to leave the position in mid-june .
the president announced that deputy press secretary josh earnest will step into the role .
obama considers carney " one of my closest friends . "
carney previously spent 21 years in journalism , including a stint as washington bureau chief for time magazine , and obama noted that he went from one of those asking the questions to the person behind the podium in the white house briefing room .
he is obama 's second press secretary during the more than five years of his presidency .
" it 's been an amazing experience , " carney told reporters .
" in midlife you do n't often make a whole new set of friends , and not just friends , but people you would fight by and for under any circumstances and that 's certainly what i have been lucky enough to get over these past five and a half years , " he said .
united nations ( cnn ) -- palestinian president mahoud abbas put forth a historic u.n. membership bid for an independent state of palestine on friday ; a move israel says is premature without direct talks that address its longstanding security concerns .
the formal application -- viewed as a largely symbolic gesture because an american veto is all but assured should the request come to a vote in the security council -- drew applause in the assembly when the palestinian leader raised the document at the podium during his speech at the 66th annual session of the general assembly .
the time has come for a " palestinian spring " to join the arab spring in reshaping the middle east , he said .
" my people desire to exercise their right to enjoy a normal life like the rest of humanity . "
but israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu , later taking his turn to address the general assembly , said palestinians are looking for a " state without peace , " ignoring security concerns important to israel .
he said palestinians are not armed only with their " hopes and dreams , " as abbas said in his speech .
to that he added " 10,000 missiles , and grad rockets supplied by iran , not to mention the river of lethal weapons flowing into gaza . "
" palestinians should first make peace with israel , and then get their state , " he declared , adding that peace must arrive through a two-state solution that recognizes israel as a jewish state .
if that occurs , israel " will be the first " to recognize palestinian statehood , the prime minister said .
representatives from the united nations , the united states , russia and the european union -- a group commonly referred to as the quartet for the middle east -- discussed the request later friday , and issued a statement saying the bid is now before the u.n. security council .
( cnn ) -- mark webber vowed to push sebastian vettel for the 2013 world title when their champion red bull team launched its new formula one car on sunday .
he has had to contend with recent criticism from red bull 's motor sport advisor helmut marko , who claimed the 36-year-old ca n't cope with the title pressure .
" i do believe i can have a crack at the championship again this year , as i have done in previous seasons , " webber told reporters at the rb9 's launch at the team 's english headquarters in milton keynes .
" they know i need 100 % support .
you can not win a world title with only 90 , you need 100 , and we 're going into 2013 with this in place , and i 'm comfortable with that . "
team boss christian horner , who signed a new multi-year contract last week , backed webber to be a contender despite him finishing sixth overall last season -- 102 points behind his teammate .
" if we were n't happy with mark then we would never have signed him to be with the team for this year , " he said .
it 's ultimately down to what they do on the circuit .
the incumbent abdoulaye wade , 85 , came to power in 2000 after multiple unsuccessful runs .
he is seeking a third term against a crowded field of 13 others , including two women .
he was initially credited with boosting the nation 's infrastructure , but his critics have accused him of autocracy and said he is grooming his son to take over after him .
others have accused the leader of grandiose investments , including a costly towering monument near the capital of dakar that sparked criticism in a country where poverty is still rife .
senegalese protesters have taken to the streets nationwide since wade won a court bid to run for a third term despite a constitutional limit mandating two terms .
wade is among a list of elderly leaders clinging to power in sub-saharan africa despite demands for them to step down .
zimbabwean president robert mugabe used his recent 88th birthday to lash out at critics and vowed to run for re-election .
the opposition has said it will protest if wade wins , but analysts say a lack of cohesion among foes and a system that favors the incumbent make it harder to unseat wade , who is nicknamed the " hare " for his shrewd politics .
he was 90 .
veteran actor william shatner tweeted : " condolences go out to the family of jack klugman .
an extraordinary and talented man .
he will be missed . "
klugman , who won two emmys for his role in the early 1970s sitcom , also starred in " quincy , m.e. " as medical examiner dr. r. quincy from 1976 to 1983 .
he told larry king in 2001 that he played madison on broadway before the tv show debuted .
" so when ( executive producer ) garry marshall called me , i thought he 'd seen me do it on broadway and that 's why he wanted me .
i said , ' so why did you want me ? '
he said , ' well , i saw you in ' gypsy , ' and ethel merman was singing to you , and she was spitting all over you . ' "
the show , based on a neil simon play , was the hilarious story of two recently divorced men who became mismatched roommates .
madison was the gruff , wisecracking slob .
felix unger , played by the late tony randall , was the neurotic neat freak who was a professional photographer .
mitt romney hit his party 's " magic number " on tuesday , unofficially clinching the republican presidential nomination in a race he entered as the front-runner and has had to himself for weeks .
romney led the pack when he announced his second run for the white house last june , and he has watched his rivals for the nomination slowly trickle out as their own wins looked increasingly unlikely .
romney entered the day 78 delegates away from the magic number , and on tuesday cnn projected he would win the state 's gop presidential primary , where 152 of the state 's 155 delegates were at stake .
on tuesday , romney said he was humbled to have secured the requisite delegates to become the gop nominee .
" i am honored that americans across the country have given their support to my candidacy and i am humbled to have won enough delegates to become the republican party 's 2012 presidential nominee , " romney wrote .
" our party has come together with the goal of putting the failures of the last 3 ½ years behind us .
i have no illusions about the difficulties of the task before us .
but whatever challenges lie ahead , we will settle for nothing less than getting america back on the path to full employment and prosperity .
on november 6 , i am confident that we will unite as a country and begin the hard work of fulfilling the american promise and restoring our country to greatness . "
new delhi ( cnn ) -- an indian court has ruled that the organizer of the scandal-plagued 2010 commonwealth games in new delhi is forbidden from attending the opening ceremony of the london olympics .
the presence at the ceremony of suresh kalmadi , who was arrested last year on corruption charges related to the commonwealth games , would be " contrary to national interest , " the high court of delhi said wednesday .
the legal action seeking to restrict kalmadi 's movements was filed after a different court had authorized him to travel to london .
he had sought permission for the trip in order to attend meetings of the international association of athletics federations .
the delhi high court allowed him to go ahead with his visit .
but it said he could n't leave india until friday , the day of the opening ceremony , and should honor a pledge not to attend any olympic events " in any official capacity . "
kalmadi still holds a number of high-profile sports administrative roles , including the presidency of the indian olympic association .
in a statement , he said he was " never planning to attend " the opening ceremony and had never sought permission to do so .
the petitioner who brought the litigation , rahul mehra , said kalmadi 's presence at the olympics would be " extremely embarrassing " for the athletes and india .
mehra described himself as a " patriotic citizen of the country . "
the 2010 commonwealth games , which india had hoped would burnish its image as a rising economic power , was marred by accusations of graft , missed construction deadlines and cost overruns .
( cnn ) -- a florida death-row inmate convicted of abducting and murdering 9-year-old jessica lunsford in 2005 has died , prison officials said wednesday .
john couey had been sentenced to death for killing 9-year-old jessica lunsford in florida in 2005 .
john evander couey , 51 , died at 11:15 a.m. et of natural causes , a florida department of corrections spokeswoman told cnn .
he had been taken to a jacksonville , florida , hospital from florida state prison in starke , florida .
because of privacy laws , no further information could be released by the department of corrections .
a source close to the case told cnn that couey 's death was not unexpected and he had been ill for some time .
" i never dreamed it would happen like this , " jessica 's father , mark lunsford , told cnn .
he said he was sad when he heard the news of couey 's death .
" but her death , jessie 's death , has been redeemed ... i 'm relieved .
i 'm glad it 's over with . "
couey was sentenced to die in august 2007 for abducting and raping lunsford , then killing her by burying her alive .
the girl was snatched from her bed in her family 's homosassa , florida , home the evening of february 23 , 2005 , by couey , a registered sex offender .
her body was found three weeks later , buried at the home of couey 's half-sister , who lived within sight of the lunsford home .
the girl 's body was wrapped in plastic garbage bags , and her hands were bound with speaker wire .
she was clutching a stuffed dolphin -- a toy won for her at a state fair by her father , and which couey allowed her to bring with her when she was abducted .
( cnn ) -- melissa huckaby , the former sunday school teacher accused of kidnapping , raping and killing 8-year-old sandra cantu , will face additional charges that she tried to poison two people , including another 7-year-old girl .
melissa huckaby is charged with killing sandra cantu and attempted poisoning of second child .
the new charges caused another delay in the murder case , cnn afiliate kron reported .
the complaint charged that huckaby " did willfully and unlawfully mingle a harmful substance with food or drink " with the intent to harm the child , identified only as " jane m. doe . "
the latest charges also include one count of child abuse endangerment relating to the unidentified child , who was allegedly in huckaby 's " care and custody . "
at an earlier hearing , judge linda l. loftis agreed to keep the autopsy and toxicology reports under seal , citing a " great danger of public outrage . "
if convicted on the murder , rape and kidnapping charges , huckaby , could face the death penalty or life in prison without parole , authorities said .
cnn 's alan duke and jim roope contributed to this report
latoya jackson was " very candid " throughout the four-hour interview , which took place in los angeles , california , last thursday , said caroline graham , the daily mail reporter who conducted the interview .
jackson cited no evidence of a murder conspiracy , graham said , but she did tell the paper the family has seen results from the private autopsy it ordered .
she would not reveal the findings , graham said .
watch reporter describe latoya 's demeanor » " there indeed had been concern among several family members about the circumstances around michael 's death , " said bryan monroe , the last journalist to interview michael jackson .
" some folks have hesitated to go as far as saying it was murder . "
the los angeles coroner could release his autopsy report on jackson within a week , according to assistant chief coroner ed winter .
" and based on those , we will have an idea of what it is we are dealing ( with ) , " he said .
the jackson family knows that the probe into his june 25 death might turn into a criminal case , a source close to the family told cnn last thursday .
" the family is aware of a potential criminal prosecution , " said the source , who did not want to be identified .
( cnn ) -- woody allen famously said that 80 % of success in life is about just showing up .
he 's wrong .
success in life -- as in diplomacy -- is about showing up at the right time .
so is john kerry coming to the israeli-hamas crisis too early , too late or just at the right time ?
the secretary of state has been eager to get into the middle of this almost since it started .
he considered going last weekend from vienna , austria , where he had joined five other world powers in negotiations with iran on the nuclear deal .
but he smartly decided -- or was discouraged by the egyptians who were in the middle of their own cease-fire mediation -- not to go .
regardless of the outcome , after syria and iraq , both president barack obama and kerry realized that the united states could n't sit on the sidelines like a potted plant .
kerry is an activist and simply could n't abide the fact that people were dying and the united states was n't at least trying to stop it .
but desire and passion wo n't produce a deal .
kerry proved that in his nine-month effort to negotiate an agreed framework for peace between israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu and palestinian authority president mahmoud abbas .
yonathan melaku entered a guilty plea to three counts : damaging u.s. property with a firearm , using a firearm in a crime of violence and attempting injury to veterans ' memorials on u.s. property .
melaku , a 23-year-old naturalized u.s. citizen who was born in ethiopia , was arrested june 17 at the cemetery .
he had a backpack with four plastic bags each containing 5 pounds of ammonium nitrate , material commonly used in homemade explosives .
he also had numerous 9 mm spent shell casings ; black paint and a notebook with arabic statements mentioning al qaeda , osama bin laden , the taliban and the " path to jihad . "
in the statement of facts document signed by melaku , he admitted he " intended to desecrate and injure grave markers by spray-painting the markers with arabic statements and by leaving the ammonium nitrate he was carrying at the sites of these grave markers . "
melaku did not have all the components needed to make a bomb .
in a search of his home , investigators found a typed list that included various components including batteries , wire and a " digital kitchen countdown timer . "
but he had not obtained all of those items .
he said he attacked the pentagon , marine and coast guard recruiting offices and he twice fired at the national museum of the marine corps .
the argentina forward , who headed off clubmates andres iniesta and xavi to win the fifa ballon d'or on monday , proved the difference after the visitors provided stern early resistance .
the 23-year-old finally broke the deadlock a minute before halftime with a delightful chip , and the tie was effectively over ahead of next week 's second leg when he completed his treble with 17 minutes to play .
betis deserved better for their first-half efforts , highlighted by ruben castro crashing a shot against the crossbar soon after messi 's opener .
why were epl players snubbed in all-star selection ?
as it was , pedro made it 4-0 on 76 with his 13th goal in 14 games after casto blocked daniel alves ' initial effort , and seydou keita headed the fifth with seven minutes to play as he rose high to meet iniesta 's outrageous scooped cross .
midfielder iniesta also had an assist with messi 's first , while the second came in the 62nd minute following a pass from david villa as the diminutive hero of the catalan crowd squeezed home from an acute angle after casto beat out his first attempt .
syria 's prime minister defected monday , becoming the latest among high-profile politicians and leaders to leave the embattled regime of bashar al-assad .
i announce that i am from today a soldier in this blessed revolution , " riyad hijab said in a written statement read by a syrian opposition official on al jazeera .
cnn inside syria analysts described hijab 's departure as a significant symbolic blow for al-assad 's government but noted that the former prime minister had been on the job for only a few months .
al-assad appointed hijab prime minister in june , a month after parliamentary elections that were boycotted by supporters of those seeking to oust al-assad .
it is certainly embarrassing and does some damage to regime , " said david hartwell , a senior analyst of islamic affairs at jane 's .
" but all indications are that hijab was probably kept in the dark .
assad appointed him just a few months ago .
hijab was tasked with creating a new cabinet for al-assad 's regime .
opposition leaders said hijab had defected , while syrian state television said al-assad dismissed hijab from his post monday .
syrian information minister omran al-zoubi said officials had n't " heard anything from the former prime minister , " according to the state-run syrian arab news agency
to many westerners , manga is synonymous with fantasy -- its glossy lines , popping color palettes and fanciful scenarios are an escapist 's delight .
takehiko inoue was just 23 when his second manga propelled him to fame in japan .
" slam dunk , " published in 31 volumes of magazine " weekly shonen jump " in the early 1990s , followed the fortunes of a loveless delinquent who joins a basketball team to impress a girl , and then discovers a natural ability for the game .
inoue 's interest in manga was piqued when , at nine years old , he read a popular baseball manga called " dokaben . "
" i really drew it in the way i liked , did whatever i wanted , " he says .
an english version was released in north america in 2002 .
its popularity endures : according to a 2012 survey by research group goo , it is still the second most popular japanese manga , and is responsible for the single most memorable piece of dialogue -- when a coach says , " if you give up , the game is already over ! "
perugia , italy ( cnn ) -- a defense lawyer for amanda knox made an impassioned plea to the jury wednesday as the high-profile case neared its conclusion .
knox is the american student accused of killing her british roommate , meredith kercher , at the villa they shared in italy .
" we suffer at the memory of meredith .
but we look at the future of amanda , " luciano ghirga said in his defense summation .
" meredith was my friend , " he quoted knox as saying , rejecting the notion that she hated her roommate , who was fatally stabbed in november 2007 .
but ghirga rejected the accusations against knox on wednesday .
ghirga concluded an emotional oration -- sobbing as he came to the end -- by asking the judge and jury to acquit knox , because her mother asked him to request it , because her family asked it .
knox 's father , curt , said wednesday she had been a victim of " character assassination , " and expressed hope she would be found not guilty .
members of kercher 's family have declined repeated cnn requests for comment on the case .
devon walker is expected to remain in intensive care for the next few days after a three-hour operation at st. francis hospital in tulsa , oklahoma , on sunday , the tulane athletics department said .
walker , a safety for the green wave , was injured saturday when he collided head-on with a teammate while trying to tackle a tulsa ball carrier .
rick dickson , tulane 's athletic director , told reporters monday afternoon that he was " absolutely thrilled " with the reports of walker 's condition , but had few details to offer .
" devon is alert and responsive , " dickson said .
" how that manifests beyond that , i do n't know how to respond . "
film aims to show football 's culture of playing despite concussions walker lay motionless on the tulsa field as trainers and doctors rushed to him .
dr. felix savoie , an orthopedist for tulane university and chief of sports medicine at the school , said after the game walker suffered a " cervical spine fracture " as well as an edema , or swelling from a build-up of excess fluid , in his neck .
tulane university 's director of sports medicine dr. greg stewart , who was with walker on the field , said sunday that , " for the most part , he was coherent " throughout the ordeal .
jay carney is stepping down as white house press secretary , president barack obama announced on friday .
obama said carney told him of his decision in april , and carney later said he plans to leave the position in mid-june .
the president announced that deputy press secretary josh earnest will step into the role .
obama considers carney " one of my closest friends . "
" he 's got good judgment .
he has good temperament and he 's got a good heart , and i will miss him a lot , " obama said .
carney previously spent 21 years in journalism , including a stint as washington bureau chief for time magazine , and obama noted that he went from one of those asking the questions to the person behind the podium in the white house briefing room .
carney took over in 2011 when robert gibbs stepped down , and has been obama 's chief spokesman through budget battles with congress , the 2012 reelection , the rocky obamacare rollout , the controversy over the benghazi terror attack , the edward snowden nsa leaks , and now the scandal engulfing the veterans affairs department .
" it 's been an amazing experience , " carney told reporters .
" in midlife you do n't often make a whole new set of friends , and not just friends , but people you would fight by and for under any circumstances and that 's certainly what i have been lucky enough to get over these past five and a half years , " he said .
carney said that he 's had discussions about what 's next for him but has n't made any firm decisions .
( cnn ) -- justin bieber 's defense team now includes lady gaga and ariana grande .
both singers stood up for the 19-year-old pop star as he was being hammered on twitter and tv after his dui arrest thursday , encouraging their fans to show some compassion and support .
" everyone is entitled to their own opinion , and to stand up for themselves , but i think we should be supportive of beliebers , " gaga told her little monsters -- aka her fans -- in a post on her website thursday .
" we may not understand everything celebrities do because there 's only so much we see , but justin and beliebers were ' born this way ' too .
let 's spread love and compassion to beliebers today .
that is what we are all about . "
ellen degeneres , who once had bieber on her show to surprise him with a car as a birthday gift , sounded genuine when she tweeted she hopes the star will be able to mature without injury .
meanwhile , other stars such as seth rogen and jason biggs had decidedly less kind reactions to the news that bieber had been pulled over while drag racing in miami beach , florida , and then arrested on charges of drunken driving , resisting arrest and driving without a valid license .
" all jokes aside , justin bieber is a piece of s *** , " rogen tweeted .
jesus , bieber even drag races like a p **** . "
( cnn ) -- when amanda berry screamed monday evening for help through a crack in the front door of the house where she was being held , she set in motion an end to roughly a decade of captivity for herself and two other women .
berry 's case had been publicized through the years , and when georgina dejesus was reported missing , her case , too , became known to the public .
little has been reported about the case of michelle knight .
according to cleveland 's metrohealth medical center , all three women were seen in the hospital 's emergency room monday night and had been released as of tuesday morning .
what had happened to them -- physically , emotionally , mentally -- in the years before , though , largely remains a mystery .
here 's more information about berry , dejesus and knight and their disappearances : amanda berry age : 16 when she was reported missing ; now , 27 .
missing since : april 21 , 2003 last seen : walking home from a job at burger king a few blocks from her home about 7:40 p.m. , according to the fbi .
it was the eve of her 17th birthday .
clues : she called her sister to tell her she was getting a ride home , cnn affiliate wjw reported .
appearance : the fbi missing person poster described her as 5 feet 1 inch to 5 feet 3 inches tall and weighing 105 pounds .
law enforcement action : the fbi had 10 postings on its website about her disappearance and offered a reward of up to $ 25,000 for information about her whereabouts .
family reaction : it was a call she 'd been waiting a decade for .
( wired ) -- if you work for ibm , you can bring your iphone to work , but forget about using the phone 's voice-activated digital assistant .
siri is n't welcome on big blue 's networks .
the reason ?
siri ships everything you say to her to a big data center in maiden , north carolina .
ibm cio jeanette horan told mit 's technology review this week that her company has banned siri outright because , according to the magazine , " the company worries that the spoken queries might be stored somewhere . "
in fact , apple 's iphone software license agreement spells this out : " when you use siri or dictation , the things you say will be recorded and sent to apple in order to convert what you say into text , " apple says .
siri collects a bunch of other information -- names of people from your address book and other unspecified user data , all to help siri do a better job .
how long does apple store all of this stuff , and who gets a look at it ?
well , the company does n't actually say .
again , from the user agreement : " by using siri or dictation , you agree and consent to apple 's and its subsidiaries ' and agents ' transmission , collection , maintenance , processing , and use of this information , including your voice input and user data , to provide and improve siri , dictation , and other apple products and services . "
mexico city , mexico ( cnn ) -- a former anti-drug czar in mexico has been arrested on corruption charges in his home state of chiapas , officials said .
mariano francisco herran salvatti , who also was the attorney general in chiapas for more than six years , is charged with embezzlement , criminal association and other acts of corruption , chiapas attorney general raciel lopez salazar said .
" in chiapas , the validity of the law also means that the culture of privilege has passed and justice is applied equally to all , " lopez said on the chiapas government web page .
herran was arrested saturday night in tuxtla gutierrez , mexico , but lopez did not announce the arrest until sunday .
the attorney general contends herran committed the crimes while he served as secretary of economic development in chiapas , a post he held from november 2007 until june .
officials are investigating irregularities involving 175 million pesos ( about $ 12.5 million ) , notimex said .
herran served as drug czar for president ernesto zedillo from 1997 to 2000 .
in that post , he was involved in the prosecution of more than 60 members of the juarez drug cartel and the investigation that led to the 2001 arrest of former quintana roo gov. mario villanueva madrid for his connections to drug traffickers .
herran , a lawyer , served as attorney general in chiapas from 2000 to 2006 .
he came under investigation in april on suspicion of violating the rights of 146 criminal suspects while he was attorney general and was fired as the economic development minister in june .
( cnn ) -- while rafael nadal enjoys a fishing trip in his native mallorca , roger federer is closing on his spanish rival 's no. 2 ranking and his masters titles record after reaching the final in madrid .
waiting in the final is tomas berdych , who beat a tetchy juan martin del potro 7-6 ( 5 ) , 7-6 ( 6 ) earlier in the day .
federer will move above nadal in the rankings if he wins his third madrid title , and will also equal the spaniard 's record of 20 masters titles .
" i did n't even know actually about the no. 2 ranking , " federer said .
" i 'm focused on what i am doing here this week , trying to play well and get on a bit of a roll and i have played better and better as the tournament went on . "
federer 's possible rise to no. 2 in the rankings is even more significant with the french open looming .
it means the 16-time grand slam champion could avoid playing djokovic or nadal until the final .
all from the same neighborhood in cleveland , ohio , the girls disappeared within five blocks of each other over a four-year span , starting in 2003 .
agents and detectives from the fbi and cleveland police are looking into hundreds of leads in the cases and whether they may be linked , according to fbi special agent scott wilson in the agency 's cleveland bureau .
amanda berry , 16 , vanished on april 21 , 2003 , after she left her job at a burger king at about 7:30 p.m.
berry has pierced ears , a pierced left eyebrow and a scar on her lower abdomen .
georgina dejesus was last seen at a pay phone around 3 p.m. on april 2 , 2004 , as she headed home from school .
the girls then parted ways , and dejesus was never seen again .
she was wearing a white jacket , a sky blue sweater , blue jeans and a cream shirt .
she has a light birthmark on her right leg and pierced ears , the fbi says .
dejesus was 14 when she disappeared and would now be 19 .
( cnn ) -- tiger woods faces two challengers as he bids to retain the world 's no. 1 golf ranking for a 271st week at the wgc-bridgestone invitational starting in ohio on thursday .
the 34-year-old has been at the summit for an unprecedented 612 weeks in total , but once again faces the prospect of losing top spot to fellow american phil mickelson -- and a new contender , world no. 3 lee westwood .
the englishman can go to no. 1 if he wins at firestone and woods is outside the top two -- or if he is second , the defending champion is 10th or lower and mickelson does not win .
" am i conscious of the pack closing in ?
" you play .
how i got here was playing golf tournaments and winning golf tournaments . "
woods will partner westwood for the first two rounds in akron , knowing that his rival has finished second in two majors this year and was runner-up at firestone behind vijay singh in 2008 .
" i 've always enjoyed playing with westy , he 's a great guy .
we 've been going at it for a long time , " he said of the 37-year-old , who he also played with at the u.s. open in june .
( cnn ) -- nbc 's " constantine " joined the growing party of comic book-based tv series with its friday night premiere on nbc .
but critics could n't quite agree on whether it was worth staying home ( or even dvring ) to catch it .
matt ryan stars as john constantine , a rebellious and not very likable exorcist with an affinity for trench coats and cigarettes -- at least , that 's how he appears in " hellblazer , " the dc comic book upon which the show is based .
" the absence of john 's most physically self-destructive habit is symbolic of a larger issue , " he said .
fans and critics believe ryan 's performance will make this show sink or swim , similar to hugh laurie on " house " or benedict cumberbatch on " sherlock . "
for some of them , it 's not looking good .
" ryan is a particular problem , i 'm sorry to say , " vulture 's matt zoller seitz said .
" i do n't know if he was miscast or poorly directed , but something about his grooming , makeup , and line delivery make him sound like ( and sometimes resemble ) jim carrey in comic high-dudgeon mode . "
others , however , took a more positive view of his performance .
the separatist donetsk people 's republic also announced the ceasefire .
but an apparent violation was reported less than 90 minutes after the ceasefire began when ukraine 's anti-terrorist operation command reported that a military post near zolote in the luhansk region has been shelled by mortars .
as a positive sign , cnn reporters in ukraine reported the shelling quieted shortly after midnight .
the peace agreement signed in minsk , belarus , several days ago comes with many questions over how it will be implemented and whether it will stick .
mistrust is high on both sides , adding to the doubts .
the town of debaltseve , a strategically located railroad hub in the east , is shaping up as a crucial piece of the ceasefire .
in his speech announcing the ceasefire , poroshenko said ukrainian troops control the town and warned militants to stay away .
" i think the fact of using the tense situation on the outskirts of debaltseve by militants-terrorists-mercenaries poses a great threat , which can violate the ceasefire regime , " poroshenko said .
" i am warning all participants of the minsk negotiations , including the russian federation , which identifies itself as the guarantor of the reached agreements . "
cnn 's nick paton walsh , reporting from the eastern town of donetsk , said separatists claim to have encircled debaltseve .
" debaltseve will be a vital flashpoint for the hours ahead , " he said .
( cnn ) -- like a pop star leaving their biggest hit for the encore , sepp blatter made sure he saved his best for last .
as a long day at the fifa congress in sao paulo came to an end , the 78-year-old announced he would stand for a fifth term -- reneging on a promise he made four years ago .
the news , which was expected , came after fifa rejected the opportunity to impose age limits and maximum terms for officials .
" i know that my mandate will finish next year on 29 may in zurich -- but my mission is not finished , " he told congress .
" and i tell you together we will build the new fifa together .
we have the foundations today because we have the budget for the next four years .
" we have the foundation , now we work .
" but i can tell you i am ready to accompany you in the future . "
the swiss has been heavily criticized following allegations of corruption over fifa 's bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 world cups .
on wednesday , a number of european members urged him not to stand for president .
speaking after a tense meeting between blatter and uefa members , the mood within the european camp was unequivocally clear .
david gill , the english fa 's representative on the exco committee said : " the very fact in 2011 he was clear it was just for four years , that should have been the situation .
to change his mind is disappointing , " he said .
( cnn ) -- a teenage mother and her young daughter , snatched off a cleveland street , were found shot to death in a garage early sunday , cleveland , ohio , police said .
cleveland police issued an amber alert on saturday after witnesses reported seeing jackson and chaniya abducted while walking on east 72nd avenue in cleveland .
jackson 's 14-year-old brother was walking with the pair when he said lorde approached .
he pointed it at me , " the brother told cnn affiliate wews .
" i was scared for my niece and my sister , " he said .
" she ( jackson ) was silent .
she was scared .
the alert named lorde , 25 , as the kidnapping suspect , warning that he was a " violent sexual predator with felony warrants out of new york , " and armed and dangerous .
the alert was lifted sunday after police found the bodies of the three " in a closed garage of an unoccupied structure in the 7000 block of union avenue , " a police statement said .
" all three were found unresponsive with gunshot wounds and pronounced dead on the scene , " the statement said .
no other details of the investigation were made public .
( cnn ) -- jessica rees was diagnosed with a brain tumor at age 11 , and she and her parents would drive to the hospital every day to receive outpatient treatment .
" one day we were leaving , and she just simply asked us , ' when do all the other kids come home ? ' "
said her father , erik .
so she started making joyjars -- containers full of toys , stickers , crayons , anything that might brighten a child 's day .
" she was really particular about what would go in the jars , " said her mother , stacey .
" it had to be something cool , it could n't be cheap or flimsy . "
jessica created 3,000 joyjars before she passed away this january .
by the end of 2012 , more than 50,000 joyjars will have been delivered to young cancer patients through the jessie rees foundation .
jessica was one of three " young wonders " honored this year at " cnn heroes : an all-star tribute . "
" what makes jessie a young wonder is that she cared , " her dad said .
watch jessica 's story donate to her cause will lourcey when will lourcey was 6 years old , he asked his parents why a man was holding up a sign that said , " need a meal . "
new york ( cnn ) -- a 57-year-old musician arrested in connection with the drugs found in actor philip seymour hoffman 's apartment was granted bail friday .
the musician , robert vineberg , was among four people arrested in manhattan in the days after the apparent heroin overdose of the academy award-winning actor on february 2 .
prosecutors said vineberg , who was arrested on a felony charge of criminal possession of a controlled substance , had just under 50 small bags of heroin as well as packaging paraphernalia in his apartment during the raid .
in addition , prosecutors said , detectives recovered nearly $ 1,300 in cash on vineberg .
manhattan supreme court judge edward mclaughlin set bail at $ 200,000 bond or $ 40,000 cash .
vineberg 's attorney , edward kratt , asked for a lower bail , saying his client has been an " accomplished musician " since the late 1980s and a " functioning heroin addict " with a 10-bag-a-day habit .
the large quantity of drugs found in the apartments were for vineberg 's personal use , kratt said .
the judge , however , appeared to doubt that assertion , saying that the amount of heroin in vineberg 's possession was " off the charts . "
vineberg was found to have the actor 's phone number stored in his cell phone , a law enforcement official told cnn .
police discovered the largest amount of what is believed to be heroin in his apartment , the source said .
outside court , kratt said his client hoped to raise bail money with the help of friends .
london ( cnn ) -- a british businessman who is accused of having his wife killed during their honeymoon in south africa will be allowed to leave jail on bail , a judge decided friday .
shrien dewani is accused of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife during a taxi ride in cape town , south africa in november .
british judge duncan ousely rejected concerns from the south african government that dewani would use his funds and international connections to flee before an extradition hearing .
ben watson , a lawyer for the south african government , cited hotel surveillance video that he said showed dewani twice meeting with a cab driver as the sort of evidence indicating dewani 's involvement in a plot against his wife .
but ousely ruled that dewani , who did not attend the hearing , had a genuine interest in clearing his name and said he has cooperated with investigators from both england and south africa .
dewali 's solicitor , andrew katzen , said he was " delighted " with the outcome but declined further comment following the court hearing .
dewani , who is jailed in london 's wandsworth prison , will be allowed to stay at his parents ' home .
a court hearing has been temporarily scheduled for jan. 20 , but it is unclear when south africa will submit a formal extradition request .
dewani 's lawyers say he is innocent and will fight extradition .
dewani 's wife , anni dewani , died in an apparent carjacking as the couple took a taxi ride in a crime-ridden neighborhood of cape town .
but there is most certainly the right not to lose your liberty for doing so , even if the act is offensive .
but that is exactly what happened friday .
a court in moscow sentenced the three members of the feminist punk band pussy riot to two years in prison .
in my two decades monitoring human rights in russia i 've never seen anything like the pussy riot case -- the media attention , the outpouring of public support , the celebrity statements for the detained and criminally charged punk band members .
the image of three young women facing down an inexorable system of unfair justice and an oppressive state has crystallized for many in the west what is wrong with human rights in russia .
to be sure , it is deeply troubling .
for me , even more shocking were the images of stanislav markelov , a human rights lawyer , lying on the sidewalk with the back of his head blown off in 2009 , or the body of tax lawyer sergei magnitsky , who died in prison in 2009 after he blew the whistle on a massive government extortion scheme .
the stunt lasted less than a minute before the women were forcibly removed .
a man who allegedly was with aaron hernandez the night odin lloyd was killed pleaded not guilty friday to a single count of being an accessory to murder after the fact .
as members of his and lloyd 's family looked on , carlos ortiz uttered only those two words -- " not guilty " -- during his brief arraignment in bristol county superior court in the southeastern massachusetts city of fall river .
his next court date is set for november 20 .
ortiz is one of several people who have been charged in connection with lloyd 's death , though only one person -- hernandez , who was a standout tight end for the new england patriots before being released by the team the day of his arrest -- faces a murder count .
during friday 's court hearing , ortiz 's lawyer john connors did not contest the $ 500,000 cash bail set for his client , though he could do so later .
" we do n't have the grand jury minutes , we do n't have a lot of the discovery statements , etc .
so i think it 's prudent to wait for the next date until we argue ( bail ) , " connors said .
authorities have said that hernandez , ernest wallace and ortiz picked lloyd up from his boston apartment in a rental car shortly before he was found shot to death june 17 in a north attleborough , massachusetts , industrial park .
surveillance cameras then captured the rental car leaving the crime scene and hernandez carrying a gun as he returned to his home minutes later .
he was with two other people .
lloyd -- a 27-year-old semi-pro football player himself -- was not among them .
( cnn ) -- hilary duff says her new album is " very positive " but admits that it started out " a lot heavier and a lot darker " because of the separation from her husband , mike comrie .
" in the beginning , the album was a lot heavier and a lot darker , because i had to get that out .
once i did get that out , a lot of fun came . "
duff married comrie , a former pro hockey player , in 2010 after dating for three years .
she says she first started thinking of new material when she was pregnant with her son .
after having the child and taking another year , she was even more anxious .
" i felt like i was missing a big part of myself , " she said .
( cnn ) -- inside the charles manson room at the museum of death in hollywood , anne forde looks at crime scene photos from the 1969 tate-labianca murders .
" it 's just been a fascination for me ever since . "
" his eyes just stand out and look crazy , " says debbie roberts , who was visiting the museum from kentucky .
" i can see how people followed him . "
" we have people from around the world that sign up , " says michaels .
" we added an additional anniversary tour , which is sold out . "
august 9 marks the 45th anniversary of the murders of sharon tate and four others on cielo drive in the benedict canyon neighborhood of los angeles .
the next night , supermarket executive leno labianca and rosemary labianca were tortured and killed inside their home near hollywood .
fast facts : manson family murders since then , charles manson , who was convicted of orchestrating the murders , has been the focus of continued fascination .
" people seem to be fascinated by things that are strange and bizarre , " says vincent bugliosi , sitting in his los angeles-area living room .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- a massive car bomb tore through the heart of a bustling marketplace in peshawar , pakistan , wednesday , killing at least 100 people -- including many women and children -- and injuring at least 200 others , officials said .
a vehicle packed with 150 kilograms ( 330 pounds ) of explosives detonated at the meena bazaar , a labyrinth of shops popular with women .
the impact destroyed buildings , burying people underneath the rubble , and sparked massive fires in the shops , mosques , and homes .
in a year of seemingly endless militant attacks in pakistan , this was the deadliest .
those who survived described a narrow escape : " i ducked quickly and when i looked up it was complete darkness , " said imdad .
" i could n't see anyone .
the cars and the van were lying upside down . "
are you there ?
" we only saw a red blaze and nothing else , " he said from his hospital bed .
" my friends and i fell from the second floor .
we did n't know where we were . "
the remote-controlled detonation killed at least 100 people and injured as many as 200 others , hospital and government officials said .
the deaths include 68 males and 32 females , including 10 children , the head of the main hospital in peshawar said .
the car bomb left a 10-foot-wide crater , and the flames spread quickly through stores selling highly flammable fabric .
( cnn ) charles koch , the billionaire gop donor whose money plays a big role in shaping republican campaign efforts , said he plans to make criminal justice reform a priority of his as the country heads into the next presidential election .
" over the next year , we are going to be pushing the issues key to this , which need a lot of work in this country , " koch , a kansas native , told the wichita eagle in a story published this weekend .
" and that would be freedom of speech , cronyism and how that relates to opportunities for the disadvantaged . "
koch 's comments might come as good news to sen. rand paul , who 's made sentencing reform a major part of his agenda while he tries to appeal to nontraditional gop voters ahead of a likely presidential bid .
following the 2012 presidential loss , in which republican nominee mitt romney won only 6 % support among african americans and 27 % among latinos , republicans have been more vocal about making changes to the criminal justice system for nonviolent offenders -- an issue that resonates deeply within minority communities .
koch , according to the kansas newspaper , said the criminal justice system needs reform " especially for the disadvantaged " as well as changes to make it " fair " and to make " sentences more appropriate to the crime that has been committed . "
( cnn ) -- gary sinise has played many characters on television and the big screen , but one of his most important roles in real life is fighting for veterans .
" i have a passionate love for our country .
i know that our freedom is provided by men and women , ordinary men and women who take up the call and serve our country , " he says .
" we can never forget our defenders , and we should do everything we can for them before the battle , during the battle and after the battle when things get rough for them .
we should take care of them . "
and that 's just what the actor is doing through programs at the gary sinise foundation .
the nonprofit helps veterans translate their military skills to civilian careers , sponsors military scholarships and even helps build customized homes for the severely wounded .
" if you 're a quadruple amputee , you 've lost both arms and both legs , you 're going to have some physical challenges for the rest of your life .
we want your home to be the most secure , safe , manageable place in your life , " explains sinise .
in partnership with stephen siller tunnel to towers foundation , homes are built with smart technology such as automated doors and ipad-controlled electronics .
" sometimes i get so focused on the small things that are easy for you but hard for me , " the marine says .
" and now i actually have to think my way through them .
so it 's actually very tiring mentally and just to be able to scoot through your house and do the things you need to do , whether that be laundry , you know , use the bathroom , get to a certain area of the house without actually having to put so much thought into it .
i think it 'll be relief . "
jerusalem ( cnn ) -- the world knows her as the daring nanny who , clutching a 2-year-old boy , pushed past the havoc in a terrorized mumbai and risked her life to keep the toddler safe .
sandra samuel bravely saved the life of moshe holtzberg , 2 , but says she sees no heroism in her actions .
she only wishes she could have done more .
" even today , i am thinking i should have sent the baby and done something for the rabbi and his wife , " samuel told cnn in an exclusive television interview in israel , where she now lives .
samuel and moshe were among the few to make it out of the chabad house alive after gunmen stormed the jewish center , killing the holtzbergs and four others .
israel 's chabad movement has set up a fund to provide for moshe 's care .
he is being looked after by members of the community , although who will serve as his guardian has not yet been established .
the nanny says she came face to face with a gunman late wednesday , the first night of the siege .
" i saw one man was shooting at me -- he shot at me . "
watch cnn 's paula hancocks talk with samuel » she slammed a door and hid in a first-floor storage room and attempted to reach the rabbi and the others on the second floor .
( cnn ) -- when it comes to living on the edge , there are some women who have the tenacious spirit to conquer all .
whether it 's scaling the world 's highest peaks or becoming the first person to cross a dangerous ocean stretch , these extreme sportswomen have smashed records around the globe thanks to their fearless sense of determination .
describing her achievement as ' a lifelong dream , ' nyad , who made her first attempt to cross the waters in 1978 , was also congratulated by president obama via twitter .
read more : nyad 's next challenge will be a 48 hour swim in new york city edurne pasaban as a keen young mountaineer , edurne pasaban made her hobby into a record breaking profession by becoming the world 's first woman to climb all 14 peaks over 8,000 meters .
the 44-year-old spaniard spent nine years working her way to the top of the world 's biggest summits before completing her quest in 2010 , and was named as national geographic 's adventurer of the year in 2011 .
( cnn ) -- a year ago thursday , i-report was born .
cnn.com launched its i-report initiative august 2 , 2006 , in an effort to involve citizens in the newsgathering process .
mark lacroix photographed the collapsed bridge from his apartment window .
on the eve of its anniversary , i-reporters responded to yet another major news event : the deadly collapse of a bridge over the mississippi river in minneapolis , minnesota .
as the story developed , he provided information about the situation to viewers live on television .
lacroix 's photos were among the more than 450 i-report submissions sent to cnn within the first 24 hours of the bridge 's collapse -- the biggest response in one day to a single news event in i-report history .
cnn.com readers have long been submitting photos and video , as well as speaking with cnn reporters , during major breaking news events .
( check out our timeline of i-report milestones ) » on april 16 , jamal albarghouti sent cell phone video of the virginia tech shooting in blacksburg , virginia , as the dramatic events were unfolding .
more recently , when fireballs began exploding from an industrial gas facility in dallas , texas , in july , i-reporters wasted no time in recording video as smoke and debris rose into the air .
justin randall was in a convertible during the incident and tried to drive around blast debris on a highway .
he sent video of the explosions , showing flames rising high into the air .
( cnn ) -- the arrest of a christian man accused of making remarks against the muslim prophet mohammed was n't enough to appease an angry mob in pakistan this weekend .
more than 100 homes of christians were set on fire by outraged muslims in the badami bagh community in lahore on saturday after police arrested sawan masih , a christian in his mid-20s accused of speaking against mohammad , officials said .
" mob wanted police to hand them over the alleged blasphemer , " said hafiz majid , the senior police official in badami bagh .
the mob also looted some shops run by christians , he said .
majid said christians have fled the area for fear of being killed .
if convicted , masih faces the death penalty .
he denies the allegations made by the two men who filed the blasphemy complaint against him with police on friday , majid said .
masih says the three got into an argument while drinking and that the other two men threatened to publicly accuse him of blasphemy , according to majid .
the group accused police of arresting christians in the incident " while those who went on a rampage and can easily be identified from television footage have gone scot-free . "
pakistan 's blasphemy laws were first instituted to keep peace between religions .
but they have been criticized by human rights advocates who say the laws enable legal discrimination against religious minorities .
( cnn ) -- it 's being called the most expensive divorce in the history of ... well , marriage .
that 's a little more than $ 4.5 billion ( little being a relative term ) .
the couple was married for 23 years but have been engaged in divorce proceedings since 2008 , bfm reported , citing the swiss daily newspaper le temps .
rybolovlev , who owns the french soccer team as monaco , which finished second in ligue 1 this season , is no. 148 on forbes ' list of billionaires .
his estimated worth is $ 8.8 billion , according to forbes .
in 1995 , he was named chairman of the board of uralkali , russia 's top producer of potassium fertilizers , forbes said .
he sold his stake in uralkali for $ 6.5 billion in 2010 and procured a controlling stake in as monaco the following year .
( cnn ) -- some thought it was a bomb .
it shook upper manhattan for blocks -- and when it was over , a five-story apartment building and its neighbor were gone .
as detective martin speechly , a new york police spokesman , put it : " 1644 park avenue appears not to be there anymore . "
along with that five-story apartment building , with a latino evangelical church on the first floor , a neighboring piano store and the four floors above it collapsed in the blast .
one nearby resident , angelica avila , told cnn she was trapped in her apartment down the block for a short time afterward .
her stepmother had to sneak in through the back to try and open the door for her , she said .
" my neighbors came banging on my door .
i guess they were evacuating the building , and i could n't get out -- my door was jammed , " she said .
something similar happened to aisha watts , who had just returned to her apartment in one of the adjoining buildings after taking her children to school .
then the windows broke out , and " the walls came tumbling down , " watts said .
a neighbor helped her out of her apartment , because the door was stuck in its frame .
and she and her neighbors will have to find someplace else to stay temporarily .
worryingly for her opponents , the defending champion -- who won every point on her serve in the first set -- said she was n't at the top of her game despite winning her 32nd consecutive match .
the run is the best since 2008 , when belgium 's justine henin achieved a similar number of straight wins .
serena is now just three wins away from the women 's record , which is something of a family affair after elder sister venus recorded her 35th unbeaten game in 2000 .
" i feel like i was a little rusty for some reason today , " serena , who is bidding for a sixth wimbledon title , told reporters after a victory that took just 57 minutes .
i felt really upset when i lost my serve at the beginning in the second set - that said , i think mandy played really well . "
the past week certainly has n't been as smooth as serena would have liked after becoming embroiled in a row with maria sharapova and having to defend comments made in an article that appeared in rolling stone magazine .
jacksonville , florida ( cnn ) -- eduardo gonzalez , a petty officer second class with the u.s. navy , is about to be deployed overseas for a third time .
making his deployment even tougher is the fact his wife may not be around when he comes back .
mildred and eduardo gonzalez worry about what would happen to their family if she is deported .
" i like being in uniform and serving my country , but if she goes back i 'm going to have to give it all up and just get out and take care of my son and get a job , " he said .
" defending the country that 's trying to kick my family out is a thought that always runs through my mind . "
gonzalez , who works on helicopters that bring cargo , supplies and military personnel in and out of iraq , testified before a house judiciary committee panel last month , detailing his situation and urging officials to consider some sort of policy to deal with cases like his , where military members ' families could be deported while they 're defending their country overseas .
watch " they 're tearing families apart " » " i want to serve my country 100 percent .
but with this issue in the back of my mind , i feel i ca n't do that , " he testified on september 6 .
the u.s. military does not have a policy to deal with such cases .
each is handled case-by-case , not by the military , but by immigration authorities .
the government does n't have numbers on how many military members are in predicaments similar to gonzalez 's .
boston ( cnn ) she knew something awful had happened .
it was smoky and all she could hear were muffled screams .
her foot was turned sideways and her legs would n't work right .
and her good friend , krystle campbell , was just lying there on the ground .
karen rand -- she 's karen mcwatters now -- dragged herself across the pavement .
" i got close to her , " she recalled .
krystle said that her legs hurt .
they were the last words she 'd speak .
the two women held hands until krystle 's went limp .
mcwatters was the fifth witness of the first day of the terror trial of accused boston marathon bomber dzhokhar tsarnaev , who is accused of detonating pressure cooker bombs with his brother to punish the united states for policies they believe inflict suffering on muslims .
prosecutors called them to the stand to paint a picture of the havoc and pain the bombings inflicted .
tsarnaev 's attorneys chose not to cross-examine any of the survivors .
des moines , iowa ( cnn ) -- paul ryan 's four years at miami university , a bucolic campus nestled in the small town of oxford , ohio , helped to shape the wisconsin congressman 's political and ideological views .
an economics professor named richard hart guided ryan through the classics of conservative economic theory , and ryan soon came to revere thinkers such as ludwig von mises , ayn rand , friedrich hayek and milton friedman .
but ryan , who graduated in 1992 , did n't spend all his time in the classroom .
that 's according to several group photos of the fraternity that appeared in the 1989 , 1990 and 1992 editions of recensio , miami 's yearbook .
the pictures were passed along by a democratic researcher sent to miami 's campus after mitt romney tapped ryan as his running mate .
ryan is one of many delta tau delta alumni who have entered politics , and the second vice presidential candidate to emerge from the fraternity nationally : alben barkley , a longtime senator from kentucky , was vice president during harry truman 's second term .
other notable delts from around the country include actor will ferrell , journalist roger mudd , former nfl star john elway , former r.e.m. guitarist peter buck and kentucky gov. steve beshear .
" pretty damn cool to say that a vp candidate was raging in the same fraternity house as me 20 years ago , " tweeted one miami undergrad saturday when romney announced his pick .
( cnn ) -- it could be the spartan living environment , or perhaps growing up in the thin air nearly 3,000 meters above sea level -- or maybe it 's the influence of a legendary local coach .
whatever its secret , a remote mountain town in ethiopia has produced a string of world-beating distance runners .
like many from her area , she was clearly born to run .
" running is for me my job , but also my source of entertainment , " the 27-year-old told cnn 's human to hero series .
" it 's because of running that i am well known around the world .
for me , it 's the ultimate thing . "
her elder sister ejegayehu was an olympic silver medalist in 2004 , while younger sister genzebe was the 2009 world junior cross country champion and a younger brother dejene is a promising 800m runner .
sporting excellence flows through the family genes : dibaba is the cousin of double olympic 10,000 m champion derartu tulu , while she was also inspired by another cousin -- bekelu , who she often calls her sister , and was an international distance runner .
they all hail from bekoji , a town of fewer than 20,000 people set high in the mountains of the arsi province , but with a freakish record for track and field success .
" bekoji has produced so many great athletes starting from derartu .
" bekoji has strong runners .
bekoji is great and can produce even greater athletes . "
melzer was securing his first victory over the 16-time grand slam champion as he ran out a 6-4 6-4 winner at the prestigious clay court event .
he has drawn blank since claiming the atp season-opener in doha , qatar .
federer had breezed to the last eight , but was always struggling against melzer in blustery conditions .
melzer broke for 3-2 in the opening set after an errant federer forehand and held on to close it out .
blog : can sharapova return to the top ?
the second followed a similar pattern , with federer unable to capitalize on his seven break points in the match as the seventh seed went through .
melzer was delighted to finally get past his old nemesis in such convincing fashion .
" he beat me three times last year and i did n't even win a set , " he told afp .
" but many things went well for me , my shots worked well .
when he had break points i was calm and served well .
" i did well on the big points and played my game . "
federer shrugged off his defeat as he now takes a two-week break before the madrid masters in his build-up to the french open next month .
after moving to new york , brian moore could not stop running into his ex-girlfriend .
there were four awkward and unplanned encounters in six months , to be exact .
so while most social apps are about connecting with friends , family or good-looking strangers , moore began to wonder if a mobile tool could use the same readily available location information to help you avoid certain people .
that 's how he and chris baker were inspired to create cloak , a free iphone app that pulls in location check-ins from your contacts ' instagram and foursquare accounts .
it maps out the positions of people you know based on their most recent social posts so you can give them the slip .
cloak 's tagline is " incognito mode for real life . "
you might say it 's an anti-social network .
click on a bubble on the map , and you 'll see a person 's name , his or her location and about how long ago he or she checked in there .
if it was a while ago , the image will appear faded , like a ghost .
" we feel like we 've reached the point of social fatigue -- too many networks with too much information , all the time , " baker says .
" it 's ok to turn off and pick up a copy of ' walden ' and just be alone . "
the app lets people set up push alerts for acquaintances they 'd prefer to avoid such as exes , frenemies or annoying co-workers .
if someone wants to drop off the grid completely , he can set up these notifications for everyone in his social networks -- presumably while sneaking through dark alleys or hiding behind sunglasses and a hat .
orlando , florida ( cnn ) -- an ex-astronaut accused of assaulting a romantic rival in a florida parking lot will stand trial december 7 , a judge ruled .
prosecutors accuse nowak of driving nearly 900 miles wearing nasa diapers to track down her rival .
lisa marie nowak , 46 , is accused of stalking air force capt. colleen shipman and pepper-spraying her in a parking lot at orlando international airport in february 2007 .
she has pleaded not guilty to charges of attempted kidnapping with intent to inflict bodily harm , battery and burglary of a vehicle using a weapon .
her attorney , don lykkebak , has denied that she wore the diapers .
shipman told police that after she got into her car , nowak feigned distress and knocked on the window .
when shipman cracked it to talk to her , nowak sprayed her in the face with pepper spray , shipman said .
police said nowak was apprehended as she was disposing of her disguise in an airport trash bin .
nowak has said she went to the airport to talk to shipman , who had begun dating nowak 's former love interest , navy cmdr. bill oefelein , who was also an astronaut but has since left the astronaut corps .
judge marc lubet handed nowak a legal victory in november 2007 when he ruled evidence found in her car and statements she made to police after her arrest were inadmissible at trial because both were unlawfully obtained .
yangjiang , china ( cnn ) -- in terms of underground chinese art , ai weiwei may be grabbing the headlines but he is just one artist in an expanding galaxy of edgy and sometimes provocative work that has been coming out of china 's contemporary art scene for more than a decade .
there 's ou zhihang , better known as " naked push-up brother , " a performance artist who disrobes at the scenes of newsworthy scandals and catastrophes and pumps out a series of press-ups .
there are the gao brothers , whose sculpture of a firing squad of mao zedong clones taking aim at a figure of jesus put them on the wrong side of china 's increasingly skittish and jumpy authorities .
and in southern china 's yangjiang -- an unprepossessing industrial city famous for producing one in 10 of the knives and scissors found in american homes -- there 's the yangjiang group ; a trio of seasoned drinkers whose work , while not overtly political , attacks one of the chinese culture 's sacred traditions -- calligraphy .
" when i was at school , my teacher used to tell me how bad my handwriting was , " says zheng guogu , an artist in his own right outside the group , but who has worked with the other two -- chen zaiyan and sun qinglin -- for 10 years .
" but then i thought , who is he to tell me that my calligraphy is bad ? "
china works hard to project soft power in china , writing is considered an artform and is so important to the meaning of the words that the lyrical power of a poem , for instance , is carried through the style of the handwriting .
initially , zimmerman was not arrested , and no charges were brought against him .
rallies , protests and a media firestorm followed , even eliciting a comment from president obama that " if i had a son , he 'd look like trayvon . "
the rev. al sharpton came to sanford and admonished residents that they were " risking going down as the birmingham and selma of the 21st century " if nothing was done .
benjamin crump , one of the attorneys representing martin 's parents and an instrumental advocate for bringing charges against zimmerman after they were initially declined , maintains that the case is about civil rights .
whether the killing turns out to have been racially motivated , responded to in self-defense , the act of a resident concerned about the safety of his neighborhood or the act of a trigger-happy cop wannabe , race is an inescapable issue .
in 2012 : did politics drive prosecution in trayvon martin case ?
sanford is the county seat of seminole county , florida .
although it experienced explosive growth during the economic boom and has several large , modern upscale subdivisions , it remains relatively poor .
with approximately 54,000 residents , it has a per capita income of only about $ 21,000 , with about 18.5 % of the city below the poverty line , according to the 2010 census .
it is approximately 30 % african-american and 20 % hispanic .
it has a documented history of racial tensions between its police and its black residents .
his contemporaries considered him a legend , even if many fans were n't familiar with his name .
" jj cale was loved by fans worldwide for his completely unpretentious and beautiful music , " said mike kappus , president of the rosebud agency .
" he was loved even more dearly by all those he came in contact with as the most real and down-to-earth person we all knew . "
' cocaine 's ' cale makes his own groove lynyrd skynyrd made cale 's song " call me the breeze " famous , and bands including santana , the allman brothers , johnny cash , and many others covered his songs .
he won a grammy for his 2006 album with clapton , called " the road to escondido . "
" he was incredibly humble and avoided the spotlight at all costs but will be missed by anyone touched by him directly or indirectly , " kappus said .
" luckily , his music lives on . "
" we 've lost a great artist and a great person , " clapton wrote on his facebook page .
his official biography describes cale as someone for whom music is all he 's ever known .
" when i see myself doing this at 70 , i go , ' what am i doing , i should be layin ' down in a hammock . ' "
london ( cnn ) -- in the week between her death and her funeral , britons are having an awkward time coming to terms with the legacy of margaret thatcher , a prime minister who last held office 23 years ago -- meaning no one under 40 could have voted for her , yet the mix of anger and admiration is spread across the generations .
the emotional outpouring in this famously undemonstrative nation is matched in recent memory only by the death of diana , princess of wales , when flowers piled up outside royal palaces and elton john 's mawkish " candle in the wind " surged to the top of the charts .
some countries might put aside political differences and unite to respect the passing of a leader -- especially the first and only female pm , who won three successive general elections .
but in the uk debate about thatcher is raging almost as fiercely as it did in the 1980s over issues like the privatization of industries , the falklands war , tax and social policy , her close relationship with american president ronald reagan and combative stance against the european union .
to many she was the woman who broke the mold , showing the way for others , and the leader who made " britain great again , " according to pm david cameron .
geri halliwell , aka " ginger spice " from the 1990s girl band the spice girls , spoke for many when she tweeted this tribute : " thinking of our 1st lady of girl power , margaret thatcher , a grocer 's daughter who taught me anything is possible ... x. " halliwell later deleted the tweet in the face of online criticism , but went on to regret the move , describing herself as " weak " and cowardly .
( cnn ) to allay possible concerns , boston prosecutors released video friday of the shooting of a police officer last month that resulted in the killing of the gunman .
the officer wounded , john moynihan , is white .
angelo west , the gunman shot to death by officers , was black .
one said the officers were forced to return fire .
still , they were glad to see the video released for the sake of transparency .
west had several prior gun convictions , police said .
moynihan is a former u.s. army ranger who was honored at the white house for his heroism in the wake of the boston marathon bombing .
the " top cop " helped save a transit officer wounded in a gunbattle with the bombers .
last month , he became a gunshot victim when he and other officers in unmarked cars , but with blue lights flashing , stopped the car west was driving .
when moynihan opened the driver 's - side door , the video shows , west sprang out and fired a shot with a pistol at the officer 's face .
as west ran away , he fired back at the other officers with his .357 magnum handgun , police said .
they returned fire and killed him .
moynihan , 34 , survived with a bullet wound under one eye .
he was placed in a medically induced coma at a boston hospital .
( cnn ) -- evangelist tony alamo is likely to spend the rest of his life in prison after an arkansas judge sentenced him to 175 years friday on charges that included taking minors across state lines for sex , according to prosecutors .
a jury convicted alamo in july on 10 federal counts covering offenses that spanned 11 years and dated back to 1994 , according to documents from the u.s. district court for the western district of arkansas .
alamo , the 75-year-old founder and leader of tony alamo christian ministries , will serve the sentences on each count consecutively , for a total of 175 years in prison , prosecutors said .
in addition to his sentence , alamo was fined $ 250,000 , court documents showed .
his lawyer filed an appeal friday .
christopher plumlee , assistant u.s. attorney for the western district of arkansas , welcomed the sentence .
and he betrayed their trust . "
an indictment released in november 2008 accused alamo of transporting five girls across state lines for sex .
( cnn ) -- world number one rafael nadal and defending champion andy murray were both knocked out as the upsets continued in the atp tournament at queen 's club on friday .
murray was the first top go , beaten 4-6 6-1 7-6 by mardy fish of the united states in their third round match delayed overnight .
nadal , fresh from his french open triumph , was looking for valuable match practice on grass , but a mistake putting away a simple overhead put him under pressure in the first set tiebreak .
lopez took advantage of the second of two set points and a single break was enough to give him victory in the second set .
lopez , who was beating nadal for the second time in seven matches , netted on his first match point but wrapped it up on the next .
nadal had been the last remaining leading name in the pre-wimbledon grasscourt tournament , which has seen the top five seeds go out .
four-time queen 's champion andy roddick and novak djokovic were casualties on thursday and murray came close to joining them as he trailed 3-0 in the deciding set to fish before recovering to tie it up at 3-3 .
angry exchanges followed as fish walked off claiming the light was too poor to continue , while murray , with momentum behind him , wanted to continue .
when they resumed on friday , both men easily held their services as the match went into a deciding tiebreak at 6-6 .
( cnn ) -- pope john xxiii and pope john paul ii are to be made into saints this weekend in an unprecedented double papal canonization .
while millions across the world remember john paul ii affectionately , john xxiii -- known as " the good pope " -- may not be as familiar .
here are five things you need to know about the much-loved pontiff .
he was born in poverty -- and proud of it angelo giuseppe roncalli , the man who would become pope john xxiii , was the third of 13 surviving children born to a family of farmers in the tiny village of sotto il monte , near bergamo , northern italy in november 1881 .
roncalli left home to study for the priesthood at the age of 11 , but even after he became pope in 1958 at the age of 76 he eschewed the trappings of his position , and refused to take advantage of it either for himself or his family .
" i thank god for this grace of poverty to which i vowed fidelity in my youth ... which has strengthened me in my resolve never to ask for anything -- positions , money or favors -- never either for myself of for my relations and friends . "
he left his personal " fortune " to the surviving members of his family -- they each received less than $ 20 .
new york ( cnn ) -- " my one and only " begins with renee zellweger , playing a woman based on george hamilton 's mother anne , discovering her husband with another woman .
renee zellweger plays a woman based on george hamilton 's mother in " my one and only . "
despite the initial heartbreak , anne puts on a happy face , and zellweger gives life to a character who 's determined to make the rest of her years comfortable and adventurous .
her husband 's indiscretion is the catalyst that sends anne on a cross-country quest to find a new husband in 1953 america .
she pulls her two sons out of school in new york city and the trio set off on an adventure by car .
the tale has its roots in actor george hamilton 's young life .
the film takes a look at gender roles of the time and how women were perceived .
much of the film gets colored in by the characters and their ever-present emotions ( though zellweger 's fabulous frocks add plenty of color on their own ) .
zellweger , who won an oscar for " cold mountain , " spoke with cnn about " my one and only , " george hamilton and the way she believes she is perceived .
watch zellweger talk about playing hamilton 's mother » cnn : what do you think of george hamilton as a person now , knowing what he went through in his youth ?
renee zellweger : i think it 's so fascinating .
i mean , who knew ?
you have an idea about who a person is based on their public persona and the work that they 've done .
he 's a spectacular actor , and his collection of parts that he 's played and work that he 's done is unbelievable .
... but to get to know him , he 's so interesting .
he 's so clever , and he 's very kind .
very kind .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- juanita moore , the third african-american actress to ever get a supporting actress oscar nomination , died of natural causes at her los angeles home tuesday , her grandson said .
she was 99 .
moore worked right to the end , preparing for a stage reading of a new play and helping her actor grandson learn lines , kirk kellykhan said , " i just got cursed out that morning about learning my lines , " kellykhan said .
moore was helping him prepare for the lead in the west coast production of the broadway play " the wedding man , " he said .
she was scheduled to take part in a january 17 reading of a play based on michael st. john 's book " hollywood through the backdoor , " her grandson said .
moore was nominated for a best supporting actress oscar in 1960 for douglas sirk 's " imitation of life . "
she played a housekeeper whose daughter passes for white .
a los angeles native , she began her entertainment career as a cotton club chorus girl and a film extra .
at the same time , she worked on her acting skills on stage in the ebony showcase theater .
moore 's feature film debut came in 1949 when she played a nurse in " pinky . "
most of her roles in the 1950s were as domestics , until she was cast as annie johnson in " imitation of life . "
the story was about johnson 's light-skinned daughter denying her racial roots .
moore did land a significant role as a nun in the 1966 hit " the singing nun . "
( rs.com ) -- neil young has filed for divorce from pegi young , his wife of 36 years and frequent musical collaborator .
a petition for dissolution of marriage was filed by young in their hometown of san mateo , california , on july 29 .
a hearing is scheduled for december 12 .
a rep for neil young had no comment .
pegi is the inspiration for some of young 's most enduring love songs , including " such a woman , " " unknown legend " and " once an angel . "
she began serving as his background singer in the 1990s , sharing the stage with him at the 1994 academy awards and numerous tours over the past 20 years .
review : neil young 's ' a letter home ' they last performed together at the bridge school benefit in october of 2013 .
" i used to order just to watch her float across the floor , " he sang .
" she grew up in a small town/never put her roots down . "
20 insanely great neil young songs only hardcore fans know pegi has released three solo albums since 2007 and she 's toured extensively on her own , occasionally with neil on guitar .
inspired by the lack of educational opportunities for their son ben , who suffers from cerebral palsy , they co-founded the bridge school in 1986 , which educates children with severe physical impairments .
camp verde , arizona ( cnn ) -- a participant in a 2009 arizona sweat lodge ceremony that left three people dead testified thursday that he asked a volunteer if he had died and was told , " no , you came back . "
dennis mehravar , a real estate salesman from canada , testified that self-help author and speaker james ray , who led the event , told him he had been reborn .
ray is accused of three counts of manslaughter in the deaths of three people who were in the sweat lodge for the purification ceremony .
if convicted , he could face up to 10 years in prison on each count .
responding to a follow-up question , mehravar said he would have waited until a round was over to ask for help .
the sweat lodge ceremony consisted of eight rounds , with each round lasting 10 to 15 minutes .
while they were not prevented from leaving , participants have said they were encouraged to wait until the breaks between rounds .
mehravar said he would not have tried to stop the ceremony : " i do n't think i would .
i know it does n't sound logical . "
" i think mr. ray would have got upset if i had interrupted the ceremony , " he said .
prosecutors maintain ray psychologically pressured participants to remain in the lodge even when they were n't feeling well , contributing to the deaths of the three victims .
( cnn ) -- a teenage mother and her young daughter , snatched off a cleveland street , were found shot to death in a garage early sunday , cleveland , ohio , police said .
cleveland police issued an amber alert on saturday after witnesses reported seeing jackson and chaniya abducted while walking on east 72nd avenue in cleveland .
" he walked up on us and ... he pulled out the gun .
he pointed it at me , " the brother told cnn affiliate wews .
" he told me to run . "
the brother , who cnn is not identifying because of his age , ran home and called 911 .
" she ( jackson ) was silent .
she was scared .
she did n't know what to do . "
the alert named lorde , 25 , as the kidnapping suspect , warning that he was a " violent sexual predator with felony warrants out of new york , " and armed and dangerous .
no other details of the investigation were made public .
( cnn ) -- passengers have been rescued from a gondola dangling over a freezing creek after the tower snapped in half tuesday at a ski resort near whistler , british columbia .
rescuers try to reach the passengers trapped inside one of the suspended gondolas tuesday .
he said no more people are trapped .
the section of the lift affected by the accident had 15 cars going up the mountain and 15 coming down at the time , but they were sparsely populated , forseth said .
three people were freed on the up side , each in a different gondola car , along with 50 people divided among the 15 cars on the down side , he said .
he said resort officials did not know what caused the structural failure , but an investigation would be conducted wednesday .
tyler noble , a reporter for cnnradio affiliate cknw in vancouver , was on the scene at the whistler blackcomb resort about 110 miles north of vancouver .
" one hit a bus stop and the other hit a house , " noble said .
" another one was suspended over a creek , but everyone is out of that car . "
at one end of the court the world 's no. 1 female tennis star playing well within herself ; at the other her sister , a long way away from regaining that form and status .
" venus has had a great week , and honestly , if she had n't had to play so many matches , it would have been a much tougher match , " serena williams said after comfortably beating her older sibling on saturday to reach the final of the family circle cup in charleston .
" she 'll never admit it , but i do n't think she was 100 % , " serena said of her sister , who was diagnosed with a debilitating autoimmune disease before the 2011 u.s. open -- a grand slam she has won twice , along with her five wimbledons .
" but you will never get that out of her .
and quite frankly , three matches for her is much tougher than three matches for me .
it 's definitely not easy -- because i 'm struggling , and i ca n't imagine what she must be feeling . "
boston , massachusetts ( cnn ) -- the u.s. army says it will honor the " heroism and sacrifice " of 350 u.s. soldiers who were held as slaves by nazi germany during world war ii .
bernard " jack " vogel died in a nazi slave camp in the arms of fellow u.s. soldier , anthony acevedo , in 1945 .
the decision by the army effectively reverses decades of silence about what the soldiers endured in the final months of the war in 1945 at berga an der elster , a subcamp of buchenwald where soldiers were beaten , starved , killed and forced to work in tunnels to hide german equipment .
more than 100 u.s. soldiers died in the camp or on a forced death march .
before they were sent back to the united states , survivors signed a secrecy document with the u.s. government to never speak about their captivity .
" the interests of american prisoners of war in the event of future wars , moreover , demand that the secrets of this war be vigorously safeguarded , " the document says .
cnn last month reported the story of anthony acevedo , who was a 20-year-old medic when he was sent to berga with the other soldiers .
acevedo kept a diary that details the day-to-day events inside the camp and lists names and prisoner numbers of men as they died or were executed .
see inside acevedo 's diary » that story prompted a chain of events , including hundreds of cnn.com users urging their congressional leaders to honor the soldiers of berga .
two congressmen , reps. joe baca , d-california , and spencer bachus , r-alabama , wrote u.s. army secretary peter geren and asked him to recognize the 350 soldiers .
washington ( cnn ) -- the stars were out sunday night as the john f. kennedy center for the performing arts bestowed its prestigious mark twain prize for american humor on actor and comedian will ferrell .
the award , which was established in 1998 , honors comedians who have shaped american society with their work , as mark twain once did .
ferrell himself commented on the importance of the prize , telling cnn it 's " the only legitimate award that recognizes comedy , " and he was honored to receive it .
fellow comedians jack black , tim meadows , ed asner , paul rudd , andy samberg , conan o'brien and molly shannon showered ferrell with praise at the ceremony .
" when you see will ferrell on a marquis , he 's going to give you 90 minutes to two hours of fascinating entertainment , " said asner , who worked with ferrell in the movie " elf . "
in the movie , will " was so steeped in his character that i had to believe in mine , " asner said .
" he 's a blast .
i mean , he 's always coming up with new stuff , " said actor rudd , who co-stared with ferrell in " anchorman : the legend of ron burgundy " he 's , " just fun to watch , and he 's very good at keeping it together . "
o'brien took a different approach -- the backhanded compliment .
" none of us are here for will , " he said .
" we 're here because will 's very powerful .
we fear will .
let 's get that straight , okay ?
i 'm angry .
and afraid .
i 'm here out of fear . "
also in attendance were senior administration officials , including white house chief of staff william daley , transportation secretary ray lahood , health and human services secretary kathleen sebelius , and office of management and budget director jacob lew .
( cnn ) -- for alex zanardi , losing both legs in a life-threatening crash was only the beginning of a new chapter .
this year , the italian racing driver , who has competed in formula one and indycar series , added two paralympic gold medals and a win in the new york marathon 's handcycle division to his career highlights .
reflecting on what lies next , he says : " i have to tell you that the possibilities are not lacking in my life , and this is something for which i feel very lucky . "
after his sister was killed in a car crash his parents were eager to keep him off the road -- but they did allow zanardi to race go-karts .
" i clearly remember that first day on the go-kart being the best in my life , " he says .
zanardi first raced in formula one in 1992 .
after a contract with lotus ended , he switched to indycar racing , ultimately winning two championships .
in america he became a popular driver , making a signature move out of performing post-race donuts on the track , and earning the nickname latka ( a reference to a character in '80s sitcom " taxi " ) .
the crash in 2001 , zanardi was leading in a champ car race at lausitzring in germany , with 13 laps to go .
but as he emerged from a final pit-stop , something went wrong .
" i lost control of the car in the acceleration lane , spun around and basically ended up ... a sitting duck in the middle of the racing line . "
( cnn ) -- it was a reunion more than four decades in the making .
almost 42 years after robert russell ' s prized 1967 austin-healey sports car was stolen , he has it back , thanks largely to his own detective work .
off and on for years , russell , who lives in texas , trolled the internet looking for his vehicle , which was stolen in 1970 from his home at the time in philadelphia .
he finally struck gold , finding what looked to be his car being sold on ebay and kept at a dealership in east los angeles .
viral vigilantism , tony hawk style russell spoke with the los angeles county sheriff 's department , enlisting its help .
all those years later , he still had the car 's title that listed its vehicle identification number ( vin ) , which matched the vin on ebay .
but there was one last catch .
the car was not registered in the national crime information center , an electronic clearinghouse of crime data .
so over the next few weeks , russell and sheriff 's detective carlos ortega were in touch with the police in philadelphia .
as it turned out , the car 's vin was incorrectly recorded at the time of the theft .
the error was corrected , and ortgea was able to go to the dealership and confirm the car was , in fact , the one that was stolen .
he took possession of the vehicle , which in its current condition is estimated to be worth around $ 23,000 , according to the sheriff 's department .
russell and his wife later arrived in los angeles to pick up the car -- righting a wrong after 42 years .
more " breaking bad " yo ?
the series star bryan cranston seemed to drop a major hint in an interview with cnn 's ashleigh banfield thursday .
asked by banfield if his character , walter white , died or not , cranston said , " hey , you never saw bags zip up or anything .
or say ... you know . "
he left the rest up to viewers ' imaginations .
in response to questions about whether the character could show up in a movie or anywhere else ever again , cranston said : " never say never . "
he may have been teasing , but that remark revived hopes for countless fans who still are mourning the loss of the character and the acclaimed series .
the show literally went out with a bang in september 2013 and there was even a mock funeral held for the character in albuquerque , new mexico , where the series was set and filmed .
cranston has remained busy since the series ended , most recently starring in the summer film " godzilla . "
and amc has announced that " breaking bad " fans can look forward to a new series , " better call saul , " which will be a spinoff featuring criminal lawyer saul goodman .
what say you diehard fans ?
do you think cranston was kidding or not ?
( cnn ) -- antonio margarito has apologized for mocking manny pacquiao 's parkinson 's disease-afflicted boxing trainer freddie roach in a video that has spread like wildfire across the internet .
the mexican-american boxer made a surprise appearance at thursday 's press conference for the undercard bout between brandon rios -- who was also in the video -- and omri rowther in a bid to make peace ahead of saturday 's fight in arlington , texas .
" i want to apologize to everyone , freddie roach if he will accept my apologies , " said margarito , who was filmed shaking his hands in mock horror when a journalist told him roach said pacquiao would win by a knockout .
i just want to let you know that i 'm not the kind of person who would do anything like that , and make fun of anyone . "
rios also said sorry to the 50-year-old for his part in the viral clip , which was posted on video sharing website youtube on wednesday and showed the american boxer violently shaking his head and stammering .
things got heated up in the moment .
and i 'm sorry .
i feel bad for saying it .
nothing personal .
i feel bad , " he said .
robert garcia , who trains both maragarito and rios , told reporters at the conference that he had spoken to roach and his opposite number had accepted the apology .
now that i am talking to you , i feel much better , ' " garcia said , adding that roach replied : " i accept your apology .
tripoli , libya ( cnn ) -- after emerging from the rubble of moammar gadhafi 's baba az ' azia palace late in august , abdul hakim belhaj seized control as the military commander of tripoli .
an islamist who had taken little public part in the spring uprising against gadhafi , he claimed his soldiers had won the symbolic battle for the palace , the heart of the libyan strongman 's regime .
by taking control of tripoli , belhaj gained authority over a third of the country 's population and a major slice of its wealth .
it was a power play that other opposition fighters bitterly resented .
abdullah naker , one of several rival commanders , claims his fighters endured far tougher and more significant battles than the siege of gadhafi 's palace , not least the struggle to win control of tripoli 's main international airport that lasted several days .
" who is abdulhakim belhaj and who appointed him ? "
naker asks .
" we do n't know him .
we are the leaders , we are the revolutionists , we know everything . "
naker echoes a much wider complaint that belhaj is actually a stooge of the qataris .
" we know that abdulhakim belhaj was in a school and qatar sends him money to buy weapons , " he said .
in tripoli today it 's a commonly held belief that belhaj 's tripoli military council is getting direct funding from qatar .
( cnn ) -- president-elect barack obama formally announced sunday that retired army gen. eric shinseki , a decorated veteran and popular figure among critics of the bush administration , is his pick to be secretary of veterans affairs .
retired gen. eric shinseki sunday promised to work for veterans " each and every day . "
" there is no one more distinguished , more determined , or more qualified to build this va than the leader i am announcing as our next secretary of veterans affairs -- gen. eric shinseki , " obama said at a press conference .
" no one will ever doubt that this former army chief of staff has the courage to stand up for our troops and our veterans .
obama said the nation must focus on helping troops who have served their country especially during bad economic times .
" we do n't just need to better serve veterans of today 's wars .
we also need to build a 21st century va that will better serve all who have answered our nation 's call , " obama said .
watch obama talk about shinseki » obama said shinseki , who served two combat tours in vietnam and lost part of his foot , " understands the changing needs of our troops and their families .
and he will be a va secretary who finally modernizes our va to meet the challenges of our time . "
if confirmed , he said , he will " work each and every day " to ensure the nation is serving them " as well as you have served us . "
but there were notable conservative defections , making his appearance at friday 's lincoln dinner in cedar rapids more interesting .
the question that confronts ryan is whether his budget , dubbed the " path to prosperity , " will help pave a path for him to compete in the early contest state in two years .
ryan 's role as the chief fiscal expert in the gop is the main reason he was tapped as mitt romney 's running mate in 2012 , and remains his main calling card in a potential national campaign .
since republicans took control of the house in 2010 , top gop leaders have deferred to the budget committee chairman to construct the party 's blueprint to address the growing national debt .
he has shepherded four budgets through the house and brokered a deal with democrats last fall to avoid another government shutdown and possible default on the nation 's credit limit .
ryan budget details some say not aggressive enough but that resume has not won over some tea party groups who believe ryan is n't ' being aggressive enough about slashing the size of the federal government .
the group of fiscal conservatives in the house introduced an alternative budget that balances the federal budget in four years , instead of the 10 years in ryan 's plan .
( cnn ) -- chelsea clinton can trace her african awakening to february 11 , 1990 , when she sat on the kitchen counter of the governor 's mansion in arkansas and watched with her parents as nelson mandela walked out of prison in south africa .
just shy of her 10th birthday , clinton knew then that history was being made and even more , " that the future was being born , " she told cnn before leaving this week on a nine-day , six-stop african trip with her father , former president bill clinton .
now she is part of that future she envisioned more than 23 years ago .
the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation is involved in myriad projects in africa intended to help historically disadvantaged people get a chance to realize their human potential on a continent known mostly for squalor and conflict .
she credits both with helping her better understand the world , quoting her father 's maxim that " intelligence is equally distributed ; opportunity and resources are n't , " while citing travels around the world with her mother -- former u.s. sen. and secretary of state hillary clinton -- that always included time with women and girls in far-flung places such as zimbabwe .
" i always got to meet girls who very much were my age and very much were experiencing different things and very similar things that i was experiencing in the united states , " she said , describing encounters that helped her realize " how many more advantages i had by being born in late-20th century america . "
( cnn ) -- iggy azalea would love it if everyone channeled " frozen " and just " let it go . "
the australian rapper has broken her silence about a supposed feud between herself and nicki minaj , rumors that were sparked after minaj gave a curiously pointed acceptance speech at the bet awards on sunday .
nicki minaj vs. iggy azalea : where 's the beef ?
although minaj said during her acceptance speech that she was n't giving " shade " -- aka , disrespect -- it nonetheless appeared that way to many .
with the internet chomping down on the apparent beef , both minaj and azalea have tried to clear the air .
" the media puts words in my mouth all the time and this is no different .
i will always take a stance on women writing b/c i believe in us ! "
minaj tweeted on july 2 .
" i 've congratulated iggy on the success of ' fancy , ' publicly .
she should be very proud of that .
all the women nominated should b proud .
... that will never change my desire to motivate women to write .
our voices have to be heard .
i hope i inspire up & coming females to do that . "
azalea initially remained silent on the subject , but by july 3 the rapper had grown tired of the commentary .
" i have to say the general explosion of pettiness online in the last few days is hard to ignore and honestly ... lame , " azalea wrote in a statement , as captured on her instagram account .
" if i had won the bet award that would 've been great but it was n't my year and i do n't mind -- so you should n't either . "
max eisenbud , the agent of both maria sharapova and li na , told cnn on thursday that neither would be appearing in the team tournament that is set to make its debut in asia this november .
sharapova transcends tennis and has long been a magnet for sponsors -- the russian is perennially listed as the world 's richest female athlete by forbes -- while china 's li is one of the marquee names in asia , having captured a second grand slam title at the australian open in january .
li was " confirmed " as one of the entrants by the league in a press release last may .
roger federer , the 17-time grand slam champion and still the biggest name in the sport , told gulf news this week he generally backed the idea .
the player list is expected to be revealed friday .
" firstly , i want to see whether it takes off or not , " federer told gulf news .
" i know a lot of people have invested in it or are part of it .
anywhere where tennis grows is a good thing , so i hope it takes off and becomes very successful .
however , the promise turned out not to be completely true .
the north korea i was n't meant to see but with the help of a computer expert in hong kong , i managed to get all the pictures back .
officially , i only had two restrictions to obey during my trip : no photos of the military or military facilities and all shots of portraits of kim il sung and his son kim jong-il had to show their entire figures .
and i was under no circumstances allowed to walk off alone .
his favorite author was william shakespeare ; the last book he read was sir walter scott 's classic novel , " ivanhoe . "
we also talked about why the outside world has such a negative view of north korea ; something he was very sad about .
glatzer died in los angeles on tuesday after having als for four years , his publicist said .
he was 63 .
the 2014 film earned a number of major awards for its lead actress , julianne moore .
directing the movie was a challenge that glatzer embraced , even as he faced a growing number of health obstacles after his als diagnosis in 2011 .
" on set , he inspired the cast and crew with his perseverance , ( co-directing ) the film by typing with one finger into a text-to-speech app on his ipad , " his publicist 's statement said .
" richard was my soul mate , my collaborator , my life , " he said .
opinion : why ' still alice ' is about you when she accepted her academy award for best actress last month for her role in the film , moore noted glatzer 's absence .
" finally , to our filmmakers , wash westmoreland and richard glatzer , who had hoped to be here tonight , but they ca n't because of richard 's health , " she said .
" when richard was diagnosed with als , wash asked him what he wanted to do .
did he want to travel ?
did he want to see the world ?
and that 's what he did . "
people we 've lost in 2015 cnn 's topher gauk-roger contributed to this report .
jerusalem ( cnn ) -- the indian nanny who saved the life of an israeli boy during the mumbai terror attacks in 2008 has been granted honorary citizenship and temporary residency in israel .
" i hope i will honor the citizenship and love israel .
samuel has been caring for the boy , moshe holtzberg , since his parents died in the terror attacks on a jewish cultural center , chabad house , and several luxury hotels in india 's financial capital .
they were among six people who were killed at chabad house .
altogether , more than 160 people died in the attacks .
during the raids , 10 men also attacked buildings including the luxury taj mahal palace and tower and oberoi-trident hotels and the city 's chhatrapati shivaji train station .
the only surviving gunman , mohammed ajmal kasab , a pakistani , was convicted of murder , conspiracy , and waging war .
moshe 's father , rabbi gavriel noach holtzberg , and his pregnant wife , rivka , ran the mumbai headquarters of the chabad community -- a hasidic jewish movement .
samuel , who worked as a cook and nanny at the chabad house , found moshe -- who turned 2 just after the attacks -- standing between the bodies of his slain parents .
she returned to israel and has continued to care for the boy , helping his grandparents to raise him .
" sandra samuel stepped into the fire and abyss and did not think of herself , " said rabbi shimon rosenberg , moshe 's grandfather , at the ceremony .
" she saved moshe from the fire and we as jews must thank and respect her . "
( cnn ) -- in the last week , jeremy lin has gone from an unknown professional basketball player struggling to get time on court to an overnight sporting and media sensation .
cnn takes a closer look at the first u.s.-born player of chinese or taiwanese descent to play in the nba , and how he 's becoming more popular with every game .
born to parents shirley and gie-ming on august 23 , 1988 , lin is an asian-american nba player for the new york knicks .
he wears the jersey no. 17 and plays as point guard .
as a professional basketballer he 's not overly tall , measuring 6 feet , 3 inches ( 191 centimeters ) and weighs 200 pounds ( 90.7 kilograms ) .
career highlights : following his stint at harvard ( where he was twice named to the all-ivy league ) , lin failed to get drafted by an nba franchise , and instead signed as a free agent with the golden state warriors in july , 2010 .
in december 2011 , lin signed with the new york knicks after being cut by the houston rockets .
everyone loves a battle-against-the-odds story , and lin fits the bill perfectly .
in just weeks he 's gone from one-time bench-warmer to team savior , leading the knicks to five straight victories and averaging more than 20 points per game , while his field goal percentage during this winning streak tops 50 % .
in friday 's game against kobe bryant 's l.a. lakers , he reeled off 38 points in that victory alone .
( cnn ) -- a new zealand court denied bail wednesday to the founder of the shuttered file-sharing site megaupload , whose extradition is being sought by the u.s. department of justice .
kim dotcom , who is also known as kim schmitz , will remain in custody until at least february 22 , when an extradition hearing is to be held , the court said .
u.s. authorities shut down megaupload last week and announced indictments against dotcom and six other people connected to the site , accusing them of operating an " international organized criminal enterprise responsible for massive worldwide online piracy of copyrighted works . "
four of those charged , including dotcom , were arrested in new zealand at the request of the u.s. government .
in a packed court on monday , dotcom 's lawyer , paul davison , said that his client is innocent and should be granted bail .
" mr. dotcom emphatically denies any criminal misconduct or wrongdoing and denies the existence of any ' mega-conspiracy , ' " davison told the court .
but new zealand government prosecutors , acting on behalf of u.s. authorities , argued that dotcom 's bail request should be denied because he presented an " extreme " flight risk .
dotcom is a resident of new zealand and hong kong .
users of megaupload -- ranked by the traffic-tracking service alexa as the world 's 72nd-most-visited website before it was taken down -- could share and download files , many of which were copyrighted works made available for download without permission , according to u.s. authorities .
( cnn ) -- supreme court justice antonin scalia is known for bold disagreement , conservative arguments , pointed questions and the occasional crude hand gesture , and still , it 's been an intense few months for one of the high court 's most polarizing figures , with biting insults hurled in his direction .
last month , scalia dissented in the u.s. supreme court 's 5-4 health care ruling , writing that the court undermined values of " caution , minimalism , and the understanding that the federal government is one of limited powers . "
in a solo dissent read from the bench , the 76-year-old dressed down the obama administration and suggested arizona would n't have entered the union if it had known how the ruling would come down : " if securing its territory in this fashion is not within the power of arizona , we should cease referring to it as a sovereign state . "
while many call scalia a brilliant legal mind , his dissent on the court 's arizona immigration decision was accused of being too political , " more like a right-wing blogger or fox news pundit , " according to politico .
the daily beast called it " his churlish and self-aggrandizing and probably unethical tirade . "
an opinion in salon called scalia an " increasingly intolerant and intolerable blowhard : a pompous celebrant of his own virtue and rectitude " -- in short , the headline said , a " ranting old man . "
( cnn ) an egyptian court sentenced the leader of the muslim brotherhood , mohamed badie , on saturday to death by hanging , along with 13 members of his group .
the sentences will be appealed .
the criminal court sentenced 36 other defendants to life in prison on charges of plotting terrorist attacks against state facilities .
one of those sentenced to life in prison was mohamad soltan , a 27-year-old u.s.-egyptian activist .
he has been languishing in cairo 's notorious tora prison , where he has been on a hunger strike for more than 14 months .
the presiding judge for badie , soltan and the other defendants was mohamed nagy shehata , who is known for his harsh verdicts .
shehata has sentenced more than 180 people to death and was the original judge in a high-profile case case involving al jazeera journalists .
badie had been sentenced to death before on a conviction related to a deadly attack on a police station .
he has also been sentenced to life in prison for inciting violence during 2013 's unrest .
the egyptian news outlet al ahram reported that badie had been sentenced to death twice before , but an appeals court overturned one verdict , and egypt 's grand mufti disapproved of the other .
rome , italy ( cnn ) -- a nigerian man who sang in a vatican choir arranged gay liaisons for an italian government official who served in the unpaid role of papal usher , according to transcripts of wiretaps collected by italian authorities .
the wiretaps were gathered as part of an investigation into how public-works contracts were awarded .
they were recorded between april 14 , 2008 , and january 20 , 2010 .
in addition to working for the government , balducci served as a " gentleman of his holiness , " also known as a papal usher or " vatican gentleman . "
the main responsibility of the ceremonial position is to welcome heads of state to the vatican and escort them to see the pope .
the public officials are alleged to have awarded contracts to businessmen who offered them favors , money , sex , and/or house remodeling in exchange .
the suspects , who deny the charges , are in " cautionary custody " though they have not been charged or indicted .
the italian news media have nicknamed the scandal " grande opere , " which translates as " big works . "
balducci 's lawyer , franco coppi , lambasted investigators ' handling of his client .
jerusalem ( cnn ) -- the indian nanny who saved the life of an israeli boy during the mumbai terror attacks in 2008 has been granted honorary citizenship and temporary residency in israel .
at a ceremony monday , the israeli interior ministry in jerusalem handed sandra samuel her identity card .
" i hope i will honor the citizenship and love israel .
samuel has been caring for the boy , moshe holtzberg , since his parents died in the terror attacks on a jewish cultural center , chabad house , and several luxury hotels in india 's financial capital .
altogether , more than 160 people died in the attacks .
during the raids , 10 men also attacked buildings including the luxury taj mahal palace and tower and oberoi-trident hotels and the city 's chhatrapati shivaji train station .
the only surviving gunman , mohammed ajmal kasab , a pakistani , was convicted of murder , conspiracy , and waging war .
she returned to israel and has continued to care for the boy , helping his grandparents to raise him .
" sandra samuel stepped into the fire and abyss and did not think of herself , " said rabbi shimon rosenberg , moshe 's grandfather , at the ceremony .
" she saved moshe from the fire and we as jews must thank and respect her . "
jerusalem ( cnn ) -- israeli troops have completed their withdrawal from gaza after a three-week military campaign against hamas militants , the israel defense forces said wednesday .
palestinians look at an damaged rocket launcher left behind by israeli forces .
" the forces are now redeployed outside the gaza strip , and are prepared for any development , " a military statement read .
during their withdrawal , israeli troops warned gaza residents to avoid unexploded bombs or shells left behind and report their location to israeli authorities .
hamas , the palestinian militant group that has controlled the territory since 2007 , also declared victory in the conflict during a rally in gaza city on tuesday .
israeli troops began to withdraw sunday following tentative , separate cease-fire declarations by israel prime minister ehud olmert and hamas .
u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon , who visited the territory tuesday , criticized both sides and the international community for what he called their " collective political failure " in settling the decades-old israeli-palestinian conflict .
" i have condemned from the outbreak of this conflict the excessive use of force by israeli forces in gaza .
i view the rocket attacks into israel as completely unacceptable .
we need to restore basic respect for civilians , " he said .
watch troops prepare to withdraw » the conflict , which began december 27 , has left more than 1,300 palestinians and 13 israelis dead .
confirmation of the israeli withdrawal came within a day of the inauguration of barack obama as the new president of the united states , replacing george w. bush , whose administration was among the most supportive of israel in decades .
ban said he hoped obama would consider settling the conflict " a matter of priority . "
washington ( cnn ) -- a trio of congressional republicans passionately appealed to the pentagon on thursday to drop charges against three navy seals accused of assaulting an iraqi suspected of orchestrating the 2004 killing and mutilation of four u.s. contractors .
flanked by about a dozen retired navy seals at a news conference near the capitol , rep. dana rohrabacher , r-california ; rep. dan burton , r-indiana ; and rep. louie gohmert , r-texas , insisted that the u.s. is sending the wrong message to its troops .
" these navy seals were apprehending a terrorist murderer , and they are being accused of roughing him up ?
give me a break !
these men should be given medals , not prosecuted .
the iraqi suspect , ahmed hashim abed , complained to investigators he was punched during his detention .
one of the three seals , petty officer 2nd class matthew mccabe , 24 , accused of assault , stood next to his attorney at the event thursday .
gohmert said those who bring harm to americans should not get the same judicial treatment as u.s. citizens .
" they get all their constitutional rights .
well , we 've got heroes around who deserve the constitutional rights of an even better caliber .
and yes , there are different levels of constitutional rights , " he said .
( cnn ) -- world number one novak djokovic began his bid to win a second wimbledon title with a straight sets victory as he focused hard on avoiding a shock rafael nadal-style defeat .
a day after the spaniard bowed out against belgian world no. 135 steve darcis , the serb was in unforgiving mood as he defeated germany 's florian mayer 6-3 7-5 6-4 .
djokovic was playing his first match since losing a thrilling five-set semifinal at the french open against nadal , who went on to win the tournament for a record eighth time .
" i watched the bigger part of ( the nadal-darcis ) match and i thought that his opponent played great , " djokovic said .
" darcis came up with some incredible shots , incredible points in important moments and he deserved to win .
" i know people expect all the top players to get to at least the final stages of a grand slam or whatever tournament they play .
it was a surprise in the end him losing to darcis , but his opponent played great . "
having been seeded in the opposite section of the draw , djokovic would have been unable to meet nadal until the final itself but now his main rivals would appear to be either wimbledon maestro roger federer , the defending champion , or local favorite andy murray .
yet djokovic is refusing to look so far ahead as he says the early rounds of grand slams can be very testing for the world 's leading players .
" you can not take anything or anybody for granted .
you have to be grateful for being in this position and work even harder to stay there , " said the 2011 wimbledon champion .
( cnn ) -- michelle asci dreamed of capturing life through her camera lens .
asci had her sights set on being a photographer as she graduated with a bachelor of fine arts degree from georgia state university in december .
she 's at a concession stand , selling popcorn or ushering people into their respective theaters before the midnight screening .
asci 's been working part-time at the same atlanta movie theater since 2005 .
last month 's surprising drop in u.s. unemployment rates from 8.2 % to 7.8 % gave many hopes that the economy is improving , and the lower rates even beat the expectations of some economists .
this leaves people like asci wondering : is the new american job part-time ?
from law dreams to data-entry every day , dolores casillas holds her breath as she walks into the chicago bank where she works part-time doing data entry .
it 's a temporary position , and she 's heard her boss say time and time again that there might not be a job for her one of these days .
it 's nerve-wracking , " she said .
( cnn ) -- david ferrer will aim to become the first spaniard to win the miami masters after beating germany 's tommy haas in an absorbing semifinal on friday .
the trophy has proved beyond the reach of three of his compatriots in the past , with rafael nadal having failed on three occasions ( 2005 , 2008 , 2011 ) to add to previous failures by carlos moya ( 2003 ) and sergi bruguera ( 1997 ) .
the world no. 5 finally ended a fine championships for haas who , at 34 , was bidding to become the oldest man to reach the final since jimmy connors in 1988 .
when haas broke in the first and third games of the third set , the german seemed to have regained the initiative only for ferrer to find his way back into the match through his trademark resilience .
2013 has started in superb fashion for the spaniard , who can win his third title of the year on sunday -- with the australian open semifinalist having already triumphed in auckland and buenos aires .
fink said she did n't go public with the incident at the time because she was trying to build her political career .
but she said she now feels emboldened to tell her story after filner 's former spokeswoman , irene mccormack jackson , sued him for sexual harassment monday .
jackson said filner subjected her and other women to " crude and disgusting " comments and inappropriate touching .
she said filner asked her to work without underwear and made repeated sexual advances toward her .
" he is not fit to be mayor of our great city .
he is not fit to hold any public office .
fink told kpbs on tuesday that the incident happened as she was escorting filner from table to table at a fundraising dinner .
at one point , she said , someone at the event told filner that fink had " worked her ass off " for him .
washington ( cnn ) -- the first man on the moon marked the 40th anniversary of his historic achievement with characteristic understatement monday , calling the program that put him on the lunar surface " a good thing to do . "
president obama welcomes , from left , buzz aldrin , michael collins and neil armstrong .
apollo 11 commander neil armstrong joined crewmates michael collins and buzz aldrin at the national air and space museum , capping a day of commemorations that included a stop at the white house .
during brief remarks at the museum , he said the mission was the climax of a " staggeringly complex " endeavor that " required the very best in creativity , determination and perseverance that could be assembled in the american workplace . "
" those successes were very impressive 40 years ago , but they were not miraculous , " armstrong said .
" they were the result of the imagination and inventive minds of the people in the apollo project since its inception eight years earlier . "
the july 20 , 1969 , moon landing followed four test missions and came just two years after a fire that killed the first apollo crew .
six lunar landings followed .
a seventh flight , apollo 13 , was forced to abort its landing after an oxygen tank explosion crippled the spacecraft ; the crew used its lunar lander as a " lifeboat " for much of their harrowing return to earth .
armstrong called the apollo program " a superb national enterprise " that " left a lasting imprint on society and history . "
" technologies were developed for interplanetary navigation and travel .
our home planet has been seen from afar , and that perspective has caused us to think about its and our significance .
children inspired by the excitement of space flight have come to appreciate the wonder of science , the beauty of mathematics and the precision of engineering . "
( cnn ) -- authorities believe two arizona prison escapees and their alleged accomplice may be in the yellowstone national park area of montana and wyoming , based on recent information , the u.s. marshals service said sunday .
john charles mccluskey , 45 , and tracy province , 42 , are described as armed and dangerous .
they have been at large since fleeing an arizona prison on july 30 .
a third escaped inmate , daniel renwick , 35 , was arrested the day after the escape in rifle , colorado , where he got in a shootout with police .
david gonzales , the u.s. marshal for arizona , told cnn that the remaining fugitives are now suspected in the killings of a couple whose bodies were found wednesday in new mexico .
" there was evidence that ties them , our suspects , who escaped from prison , directly to their murders , " gonzales told cnn .
gonzales said the fugitives have frequented truck stops and campgrounds .
yellowstone sits at the northwest corner of wyoming and extends a short distance into montana and idaho , both states where white supremacist groups have attempted to take root .
thomas henman , a spokesman for the marshals service , said arizona prison officials have said the convicts belong to the aryan brotherhood prison gang , but there was no concrete information to tie them to white supremacist groups outside prison .
a team of marshals from arizona has been working in the yellowstone area since sunday morning , along with marshals from montana and wyoming and officers from the national parks service .
( cnn ) -- as mitt romney prepares to make the case for a first term , give a thought to what we can expect from a barack obama second term .
it 's probably going to look a lot like the second terms of george w. bush , bill clinton , ronald reagan , and richard nixon -- driven not by his own agenda , but by events beyond his control .
1 ) republicans will hold at least one house of congress , maybe two .
2 ) the u.s. economy will continue to mend , as the financial crisis recedes into the past .
3 ) unless forcibly prevented , iran will enrich enough uranium for multiple nuclear weapons sometime before 2017 .
4 ) natural gas production will continue to surge .
the votes just wo n't be there .
and he 'll have lots of opportunities via the big laws passed in his first term : the affordable care act , dodd-frank , and so on .
critics often talk about how long these laws are .
yet however long the enactment , the text of a complex modern statute is only the very roughest guide to its future operation .
the crucial operating decisions are made by presidential appointees , supervised by the courts .
congress drafts , but the administrators fill in the details - and the details , as the saying goes , are where the devil lurks .
( cnn ) -- he may have knocked out eight-division world champion manny pacquiao during their recent bout in las vegas but if juan manuel marquez wants a fifth fight against the legendary filipino he 'll need to get permission from his wife .
the mexican stunned the world of boxing by knocking out pacquiao in the sixth round of their welterweight contest earlier in december .
but with fans clamoring for a fifth bout , marquez says the only way it will become a reality is if his wife allows him to renege on his promise to retire whatever the outcome of the fourth .
" i made a promise and i know that promises are debts , " márquez said in an interview with cnn en español .
" i do n't see a case to fight again but logically he wants a chance , " he added of talk that he and pacquiao could square off for a fifth time .
marquez 's emphatic victory offered the mexican some redemption after he failed to win any of the first three fights against pacquiao .
their first encounter in may 2004 ended in a draw , while the filipino took a points victory at the conclusion of their rematch four years later .
but their third clash in november 2011 ended in controversy when pacquiao was awarded victory in a marginal points decision .
the crowd booed as the judges ' verdict was read out and marquez claimed he should have been declared the victor .
( ew.com ) -- " the closer " closed out kyra sedgwick 's involvement in the series on monday night , installing mary mcdonnell in her place , in a " new " series , " major crimes . "
while i have no inside information about how mcdonnell was originally cast in " the closer , " i 'm led to think , based on the premiere episode that aired after the " closer " finale , that she was never intended to be the new star of the show .
because the new show is , i believe , an inevitable disappointment for hardcore " closer " fans .
as for those of us who are mary mcdonnell fans ?
( this is your spoiler alert . )
" the closer " series finale brought closure to deputy chief johnson 's career , as she faced off with her long-running arch-nemesis , the serial rapist philip stroh ( billy burke ) .
then johnson abruptly accepted a new job ( something like chief of bureau of investigations l.a. liason officer in the d.a. 's office -- it sounded like the longest-titled cushy job possible ) and lit out , munching a signature bit of junk food .
( i 've always found it interesting that denison and chan are veterans of two , need i say superior , michael mann tv shows , crime story and robbery homicide division -- indeed , many of chan 's gestures and body language when he enters a crime scene strongly echo his moves in rhd , and i 'd bet that 's where he picked up those good habits , from mann 's heavily-researched series . )
abidjan , ivory coast ( cnn ) -- the european union announced a recovery package of 180 million euros for the ivory coast on tuesday as residents of the african nation attempted to adjust to life with a clear leader and relative stability after months of bloodshed .
ouattara has been recognized internationally as the legitimate winner .
a violent power struggle followed the standoff , with supporters loyal to both sides taking to the streets in protests since december .
hundreds have been killed , according to the united nations and the international committee of the red cross .
andris piebalgs , eu commissioner for development , announced the recovery package on tuesday .
" we will stand by ivory coast and its people by immediately starting to work with the government of president ouattara to support him in getting the country on the right track towards reconciliation , democracy , economic recovery and sustainable development , " he said .
it also will clear the ivory coast 's debt accumulated through the european investment bank .
top military brass pledged their support to ouattara in a ceremony tuesday at a hotel in abdijan .
gen. phillipe mangou , gbagbo 's former army chief of staff , said on state television that the generals were received by ouattara and given orders to take measures to restore order in the country .
they know russian tanks would make short work of their ramshackle defenses and shallow trenches .
but with u.s. and europe shrinking from the fight , this rag-tag band of civilian volunteers know they could be the first , last and only line of defense if moscow rolls into this corner of northeast ukraine .
" we ca n't expect help from anybody else .
our own government is too passive .
but hopefully we can rely on support from ordinary ukrainians , " vladimir fedorok told cnn on a blustery morning close to the ukrainian border village of senkivka .
in more peaceful times , fedorok runs a farm supplies company .
now , with russia estimated to be massing up to 88,000 troops just across the border from ukraine 's eastern frontier , he finds himself marshaling a newly formed self-defense committee .
they 're setting up an outpost along the highway that cuts from the ukrainian-russian border to the ukraine 's interior .
klitschko pulls out of presidential race he and his closest aides , younis and olec , are clad in british army-issue uniforms from the iraq " desert storm " campaign .
they still bear the union jack insignia on the left sleeve .
" we picked them up at the bazaar .
i 've no idea how they got there .
including my boots , i paid around 100 euros , " fedorok said .
other members of his self-defense unit are sporting surplus combat jackets and pants from other european militaries .
fedorok said they 've also been getting refresher courses from friendly ukrainian army officers in recent days .
two members of the group claim -- like an unspecified number of other ukrainian nationalists -- to have fought alongside muslim insurgents against the russians in chechnya .
( cnn ) -- double amputee sprinter oscar pistorius has moved a step closer to realizing his dream of participating in the olympics after running the ' b ' standard qualifying time for next year 's games in london .
dubbed the ' blade runner ' because of his carbon fiber prosthetic limbs , pistorius must now run 0.6 seconds faster to be granted automatic qualification .
but his time could still be good enough to earn him a place in the south african team depending on the performance of other athletes .
after narrowly missing out on the time required for the beijing olympics , the johannesburg-born athlete expressed his delight at the achievement on his twitter page .
" one of the best nights of my life .
ran a 45.61 sec 400m olympic qualifying time and fastest time in south africa , " pistorius , whose legs were amputated when he was just 11 months old , wrote .
" thanks to everyone who has supported and believed in me in my quest to 2012 london olympics .
one step closer .
i 'm hungry for it . "
after finishing sixth at his national championships in 2007 , pistorius was blocked from competing alongside his able-bodied counterparts as his blades were considered to give him an unfair advantage .
but in 2008 the court of arbitration for sport ruled in favor of the four-time paralympic champion after a lengthy legal battle with the iaaf .
( cnn ) -- essie mae washington-williams , the biracial woman who revealed nine years ago she was the illegitimate daughter of former segregationist sen. strom thurmond , died monday , her family 's spokesman said .
she was 87 .
" i never wanted to do anything to harm him or cause detriment to his life or to the lives of those around him , " washington-williams said at a 2003 news conference , six months after her father died at the age of 100 .
she died at her columbia , south carolina , home of natural causes monday morning , according to frank wheaton .
thurmond joined the republican party in the 1960s and ultimately turned away from his segregationist past .
martin : gop needs to listen to blacks " my father did a lot of things to help other people , even though his public stance appeared opposite , " washington-williams said .
" i was sensitive about his well-being and career and his family here in south carolina . "
washington-williams said she went public only at the urging of her children , but rumors had persisted for years .
her mother , carrie butler , worked as a maid at the thurmond family home in edgefield , south carolina .
he was expected to appear in federal court in harrisburg later in the day , lynch said .
the fbi had offered a $ 25,000 reward for tibbs and quantavious thompson , 18 .
thompson was arrested last wednesday and is scheduled to be in court later this week .
" it is too soon to determine whether the reward offered played a role in his capture .
the investigation into the kidnapping of frank janssen from his home in wake forest , north carolina , is ongoing , " lynch said in a statement .
tibbs ' apprehension marks the seventh arrest in the april 5 abduction of janssen .
he was rescued by police five days later at an apartment in atlanta .
the kidnappers sent demands to janssen 's family " for the benefit " of kelvin melton , an inmate at polk correctional institution in butner , north carolina , according to an affidavit in support of a search warrant related to criminal complaints against the defendants .
janssen 's daughter , colleen janssen , is an assistant district attorney in wake county and had prosecuted melton , officials said .
melton is serving a life sentence without parole .
the answer is that they are both tools on experimental robots -- but they are also being put forward as possible ideas to help future planetary explorations .
" shrewbot " is the latest in a line of robots developed by teams at the uk 's bristol robotics laboratory ( brl ) that aims to test whether artificial whiskers could help a robot find its way around .
inspired by the etruscan shrew -- one of the world 's tiniest mammals -- scientists wanted to find out if a robot could explore its environment using touch instead of vision , just as rats , mice and shrews find food in the dark .
team leader martin pearson , who works at the biotact project , said the research was primarily to assist biologists in their understanding of how an animal 's touch sensing works .
the idea has also been suggested as a way to explore planetary surfaces where there is limited vision .
( cnn ) -- jose mourinho likes to keep them guessing .
mourinho signed a contract extension until 2016 with real madrid last may after ending barcelona 's three-year stranglehold on la liga , but his relationship with the spanish press soured and he has clashed with madrid and spain 's much-loved keeper , iker casillas .
" when i decide on my future , my wife and kids will be the first to know , then the president and general director , " mourinho told reporters ahead of real madrid 's game against real valladolid .
if i go , i will not give explanations . "
despite mourinho 's pronouncement friday , england 's sun newspaper claimed that he has already agreed to return to chelsea but that an official announcement was unlikely until july 1 .
" i know in england i am loved , " mourinho said .
" i know .
i know i am loved by the fans .
i am loved by the media that treats me in a fair way , criticizing me when they have to , but giving me credit when i deserve it .
i know i am loved by some clubs , especially one . "
tottenham boss andre villas-boas , who worked under his fellow portuguese and formerly managed chelsea , said mourinho resurfacing in the premier league would be " spectacular . "
with mourinho at the helm , chelsea ended a 50-year title drought and won back-to-back premier league titles .
london ( cnn ) -- " everything i do is centered around women , " says pinky lilani .
as founder of the women of the future awards , the asian women of achievement awards and the global empowerment award , it 's fair to assume this is no exaggeration .
" plenty of women are confident and talented but they still need champions ; they need mentors , " she explains .
and , since emigrating from india to the uk 34 years ago , lilani has become just that -- earning herself an obe from queen elizabeth ii for services to women along the way .
to mark this year 's international women 's day we asked her which extraordinary women she believes are under-acknowledged for their achievements .
from an empress to a humble florist , in her own words lilani presents her five unsung heroines shaista suhrawardy ikramullah ( 1915-2000 ) , politician , diplomat and author shaista ikramullah was a woman before her time .
her autobiography " from purdah to parliament " is a mesmerizing tale of a fearless muslim woman who fought her way from veiled to valiant .
ikramullah grew up in a society where women were not encouraged to have an education , but she ignored this culture and went on to become the first muslim woman to receive a phd from the university of london .
she was one of very few muslim women to take part in the pakistan movement and witness first hand the fall of the british empire .
she became a member of pakistan 's parliament , an ambassador to morocco and her country 's delegate to the united nations .
this would have been a colossal feat for any woman at that time , let alone a pakistani .
( cnn ) -- mohammed alshaya owns more high street brands than most fashion addicts could stuff in their closets .
mohammed alshaya , ceo of alshaya 's retail division , tells mme he sees a new mindset in the gulf topshop , coast , next and river island are just some of the big names he 's imported from the united kingdom to shopping centers in the middle east .
as chief executive of m.h. alshaya , he knows what sells : tried and tested western brands that will appeal to local shoppers .
with the addition of the czech republic , hungary and slovakia , m.h. alshaya now operates in 16 markets including saudi arabia , kuwait , united arab emirates , bahrain , qatar , oman , lebanon , jordan , egypt , cyprus , turkey , poland and russia .
( jd ) : i would imagine as a retail operation you 'd be a huge proponent of a single currency within the gcc .
is it realistic within the next 4 to 5 years ?
it is a huge leap towards efficiency , conciliation , getting closer between the six countries .
( jd ) : have you ever done any calculations of what impact it would have on your back office operations ?
salam said the decision was made to take the matter to the committee as required by article 59 of the united nations ' rules of procedure .
though the debate is expected to be largely symbolic in the face of a promised american veto , the permanent observer of the palestinian authority to the united nations , riyad mansour , held out hope prior to monday 's security council meeting that the bid would be accepted .
" we hope that the security council will shoulder its responsibility and address this application with a positive attitude , especially since we have 139 countries that have recognized the state of palestine so far , meaning more than two-thirds majority , " he said .
" we are ready to govern ourselves . "
abbas drew applause when the palestinian leader raised the document at the podium during his speech at the 66th annual session of the general assembly .
the time has come for a " palestinian spring " to join the arab spring in reshaping the middle east , he said .
" my people desire to exercise their right to enjoy a normal life like the rest of humanity . "
( cnn ) -- has there ever been a rivalry in a sporting team quite like the one between sebastian vettel and mark webber ?
with another three weeks before the next grand prix -- the chinese gp on april 14 -- webber plans to going surfing as he reflects on his treatment by vettel and his place in the red bull hierarchy .
" i 'll be catching a few waves on my surfboard and reflecting on everything that 's happened , " webber told reporters .
" there were a lot of things going through my head in those closing laps , " he said .
" not just from today , but from the past as well . "
despite protestations in public to say otherwise from team principal christian horner , the frustration for webber is that he is very much the team 's understudy .
vettel has long been nurtured by helmut marko , titled a motorsport consultant at red bull but widely regarded as the eyes , ears and mouth piece of team owner dietrich mateschitz , and a figure webber has not always seen eye to eye with .
" seb made his own decisions and will have protection as usual , " continued webber after sunday 's race , a not too subtle reference to the australian 's apparent place in the red bull pecking order .
( cnn ) -- sidney frank made millions marketing jagermeister and other alcohol brands .
he 's a big hit not because of what he sold but because he 's given dozens of them what he could n't afford as a young man : an education at rhode island 's brown university .
on sunday , 49 students from low-income families became the first four-year sidney e. frank scholars to graduate from brown , owing virtually nothing except gratitude to the late liquor magnate .
" the world of difference that he made for each and every one of us is unbelievable , incredible , " one of the frank scholars , 22-year-old shane reil , said sunday .
frank -- who left brown after one year in the late 1930s because he could n't afford to stay -- gave the school a $ 100 million endowment in 2004 .
he stipulated that the fund 's income go exclusively to covering all tuition and expenses for the neediest of brown 's admitted applicants .
hear graduates say how their dreams came true » for this year 's graduates , tuition and expenses came to a four-year total of about $ 180,000 each .
the median annual income of the recipients ' families was $ 18,984 .
the gift was the largest single one ever given to brown and one of the largest ever given for undergraduate scholarships in the united states , according to the school .
reil , a history major who is preparing to co-chair a student conference on u.s.-south korean relations and aspires to work in politics or foreign service , says the scholarship was the stuff of dreams .
( cnn ) where do you go from here ?
the fourth season of " game of thrones " saw massive battles , major deaths ( tywin ! )
and white walkers , but what can fans expect sunday as we head into a fifth season of one of the most popular shows in hbo history ?
it 's the most high-profile premiere yet , airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time .
( hbo is a time warner company , like cnn . )
we sought out " thrones " aficionado doug gross , a writer for nerdwallet and a former cnn employee , who had a few thoughts on the matter ( beware , tv fans , he has read the books ) .
" we 're going to start seeing some of the show 's major story arcs coming together , " gross said ( as confirmed by the executive producers ) .
" now we 'll see how his quest for the iron throne collides with the watch 's supposedly non-political role protecting the realm . "
tyrion 's path should cross with daenerys ' this season , according to the trailers .
" season five also will be unique in that some of the major story arcs will clearly be moving ahead of where george martin is in the ' song of ice and fire ' books , " gross pointed out .
executive producer david benioff told rolling stone , " we are starting to build to a crescendo , which means the battles have to get bigger and things have to get more dramatic . "
( cnn ) -- edgar m. bronfman sr. , a former seagram executive and president of the world jewish congress for nearly 30 years , died in new york saturday , according to a spokesman for his family 's foundation .
edgar bronfman was surrounded by family when he died , cohen said .
bronfman devoted much of his life to advocating for judaism and jewish causes .
he traveled to the soviet union in 1970 to lobby for greater freedom for jews living there and helped to win restitution for holocaust victims from swiss banks in 1997 .
president bill clinton awarded bronfman the presidential medal of freedom in 1999 .
" he was the first of his kind , a titan of industry that dedicated himself fully to advocating , advancing and encouraging the jewish people , " said dana raucher , executive director of the family 's foundation .
bronfman , the son of canadian liquor mogul samuel bronfman , became chairman and ceo of the seagram company in 1971 .
while at the helm , bronfman worked to expand seagram 's presence abroad and to develop the company 's holdings beyond alcohol , including acquiring tropicana and investing in oil and dupont , the chemical company .
bronfman retired from the seagram company in 1994 and passed the reins to his son edgar jr .
new york ( cnn ) -- a new jersey teenager was killed when his head hit a highway overpass after he apparently stuck it out of a party bus near the george washington bridge , which connects manhattan with new jersey over the hudson river .
daniel fernandez , a 16-year-old resident of sayreville , died friday evening on his way to a sweet 16 party , according to port authority spokesman steve coleman .
his head then struck the underside of an overpass , he said .
off-duty emergency medical technician leon tyrone mckivor , 52 , said he approached the scene to offer his assistance and escorted worried parents to a nearby police station where their children were waiting .
" a number of other individuals had blood all over them , as well . "
" she was just crying and crying and hugging me and thanking me , " he said .
the horrific scene left several party-goers stunned , according to multiple posts on social media .
" sitting here with your blood on my foot wishing this was all a bad dream , " tweeted teenage party-goer vicky budz .
" ca n't sleep with you on my mind cause the more time goes on the more its settling in . "
tripoli , libya ( cnn ) -- rebels pushed thursday northward on three fronts toward the coastal cities of al-zawiya , aziziya and sorman , with their ultimate goal being tripoli , rebel field commander adel al-zintani told cnn .
six rebels died and dozens more were wounded in fighting wednesday and thursday , he said .
he predicted that the fighters would reach the coastal road that leads to the capital city within days .
regime officials were not available thursday evening for comment .
fighting was continuing around misrata , where rebel spokesman mohamed ibrahim said the main hospital reported four rebels killed and 54 wounded .
meanwhile , in new york , a spokesperson for ban ki-moon said the u.n. secretary-general " is deeply concerned by reports of the unacceptably large number of civilian casualties as a result of the conflict in libya . "
his remarks came three days after allegations that a nato strike in the village of majer near zlitan wound up killing 85 civilians --- 33 children , 32 women and 20 men .
the tripoli government called it " a massaacre " of civilians ; nato has said its warplanes struck two farms used as a staging point for gadhafi 's forces
( cnn ) -- sebastian vettel and fernando alonso will battle it out for the formula one title at the final race in brazil after lewis hamilton 's victory in texas ensured the german must wait for his third successive championship crown .
hamilton secured back-to-back victories at the united states grand prix in front of a capacity crowd of 135,000 , overtaking red bull 's vettel on lap 42 of 56 in austin and relegating the 25-year-old to second in his 100th f1 race .
but the german , who was heard to be angry on the team radio after hamilton passed him , blamed force india backmarker narain karthikeyan for slowing him down at a critical moment of the race .
" i was n't too happy to send a nice big invitation to lewis when i had to go through karthikeyan , " he said .
london ( cnn ) -- reports that a scottish teenager took his own life after becoming the victim of an alleged internet blackmail scam have heightened concerns in britain over online abuse .
daniel perry , from dunfermline , was reportedly the victim of blackmailers who recorded his interactions via skype with a person he believed was an american girl his own age .
her family said she took her own life after she was bullied on the social networking website ask.fm , having gone there to seek advice on the skin condition eczema .
her funeral was held friday at st. mary 's church in her hometown of lutterworth .
the mourners were asked by hannah 's father to wear brightly colored clothes , not black , the church 's vicar , the rev. charlie styles , said in an online statement beforehand .
styles said the informal service would " provide a focal point for the community in a time of shock and great sadness . "
daniel was also taunted and urged to kill himself by trolls on the ask.fm website , the daily telegraph newspaper said .
the telegraph quoted daniel 's mother , nicola , on friday as saying the people behind the video scam he fell prey to are " clever and dangerous " and had manipulated the footage .
" he was n't doing anything wrong , just what anyone his age might do , but this scam is all about exploiting young people , " she said .
jarrel gray , 20 , died after police used a taser gun on him sunday morning , family and friends say .
the man , who friends and family identified as jarrel gray , was involved in a fight at an apartment complex about 5 a.m. sunday , police said .
authorities have not released gray 's name .
" i have n't heard anything except that he 's gone , " troy thomas told wjla-tv .
thomas , who said he was gray 's uncle , told the television station , " i lost my best friend . "
cassandra rollings , a friend of the family , appeared at the apartment complex where gray died , holding a large photo of the young man wearing a tie .
gray was a " very good kid , " rollings said .
deputies responded sunday morning to a report of a fight at an apartment complex and found four people in a scuffle , cpl. jennifer bailey of the frederick county sheriff 's office said sunday .
eric cargenas , a man who lives in the apartment complex and said he saw the fight , told wjla that two people started fighting after a yelling match .
a deputy used a taser on gray , who fell unconscious , bailey said .
he was taken to frederick memorial hospital where he was pronounced dead .
his body was taken to the medical examiner 's office in baltimore for an autopsy .
the results of some tests could take several weeks , according to an office spokeswoman .
matabeleland , zimbabwe ( cnn ) -- british broadcaster sky news wednesday criticized the jail sentences given to three of its drivers in zimbabwe , where a court found them guilty of possessing broadcast equipment without authorization .
journalists read a newspaper in zimbabwe , where freedom of the press is extremely limited .
the men are all from johannesburg , south africa and were sentenced tuesday , according to their attorney .
" we deplore the harsh sentence given to the three south african drivers , " a sky news spokesman , who did not give his name , said in london .
a court convicted bernet hasani sono , resemate boy chauke , and simon maodi on monday in matabeleland , the state-run newspaper chronicle reported .
the judge , john masimba , said that despite denying ownership , possession of the equipment was still a violation of the act .
masimba said in the chronicle that it would send the wrong signal if he did not punish the men .
sono and maodi were additionally charged an extra six weeks in jail for violating a section of the immigration act after the two did n't show up to the immigration authorities , their defense lawyer , tawengwa hara , said .
the charge was minor but hara said he would appeal the possession charge and the sentence .
zimbabwean police stopped the men during a routine check at a mbalabala roadblock in the matabeleland south province and found boxes containing the communication equipment .
the men were unable to give a reason for possessing it and were arrested , hara said .
jackson heights , new york ( cnn ) -- every day , unemployed men gather under the elevated 7 train in jackson heights , queens .
many of them are homeless .
all of them are hungry .
at around 9:30 each night , relief comes in the form of jorge munoz 's white pickup truck , filled with hot food , coffee and hot chocolate .
quiet gratitude radiates from the crowd .
for many , this is their only hot meal of the day ; for some , it 's the first food they 've eaten since last night .
vote now for the cnn hero of the year " i thank god for touching that man 's heart , " says eduardo , one of the regulars .
for more than four years , munoz and his family have been feeding those in need seven nights a week , 365 days a year .
to date , he estimates he 's served more than 70,000 meals .
watch munoz describe how his work is a family affair » word of his mobile soup kitchen has spread , and people of all backgrounds and status now join the largely-hispanic crowd surrounding his truck -- egyptians , chinese , ethiopians , south asians , white and black americans and a british man who lost his job .
" i 'll help anyone who needs to eat .
just line up , " munoz says .
( cnn ) -- libya 's transitional government would prefer to try former leader moammar gadhafi 's son saif al-islam in a libyan court despite an arrest warrant issued for him by the international criminal court , a spokesman said sunday .
the court 's chief prosecutor said friday it was having " informal conversations " about the surrender of saif al-islam gadhafi , who is wanted for crimes against humanity .
but luis moreno-ocampo said the court did not know his whereabouts and would not reveal with whom the court is talking .
saif al-islam gadhafi has realized there is no escape , and wants to negotiate a surrender to limit the damage , said anees al-sharif , spokesman for the national transitional council 's tripoli military council .
but , he said , if the younger gadhafi is captured in libya , he will be tried there , as his alleged crimes were committed on libyan soil .
if he is captured outside libya , the location of his trial will depend on where he is captured because of the icc arrest warrants , he said .
however , the ntc would prefer to try saif al-islam gadhafi in a libyan court , as it would like to show that he could receive a fair trial , he said .
moreno-ocampo said friday that if saif al-islam gadhafi is brought before the icc , he will " have all the rights and be protected , " and will be allowed to present a defense .
" we believe we have a strong case , " the prosecutor told cnn in an exclusive interview from the hague .
the court believes saif al-islam gadhafi , along with his father and his brother-in-law , abdulla al-sanussi , are responsible for crimes against humanity including murder and persecution across the country beginning in february amid anti-government demonstrations , moreno-ocampo said .
( cnn ) -- a close aide to pakistan 's taliban chief baitullah mehsud said he is breaking ties with him and confirmed reports that mehsud was behind the assassination of former prime minister benazir bhutto .
former pakistan prime minister benazir bhutto was assassinated in december 2007 at a campaign rally .
qari turkestan bhitaini , a self-proclaimed right-hand man of mehsud , said mehsud was behind the december 27 , 2007 , assassination of bhutto , pakistan 's express tv reported .
bhitaini said he is breaking ties with mehsud because he blames the taliban chief for killing scores of innocent muslims in recent attacks in lahore .
the pakistani government and cia officials have said in the past that mehsud was responsible for bhutto 's death .
bhutto , 54 , was heading the opposition to then-president pervez musharraf when she was assassinated during a campaign rally in rawalpindi ahead of parliamentary elections .
( cnn ) -- about a year after losing his dad in a plane crash , matt snoddy climbed into the cockpit for an emotional flight .
his kids charlie , age 5 and alice , 3 , were tucked in the back of the tiny cessna and his flight instructor was seated alongside .
snoddy pulled back on the stick and they were airborne .
the lexington , kentucky , landscape spread out below them as the plane gained altitude .
a government investigation blamed the crash on flight 191 's pilots , who attempted takeoff from a wrong runway .
the faa administrator at the time said disasters like flight 191 might be avoided under nextgen , the nation 's sweeping air traffic overhaul set to roll out by 2025 .
memories of the crash had kept snoddy -- a longtime private pilot -- out of the cockpit until his wife offered the flight as a gift for father 's day .
snoddy and his father shared a love for flying -- matt snoddy as a pilot and his dad as a passenger .
tim snoddy enjoyed flying so much he 'd been talking about getting his pilots ' license , too .
tim snoddy , a 51-year-old accountant and consultant for legal cases , was a frequent business traveler who left his lexington home many times a year to spend a total of six months away at his offices in asheville , north carolina , and near fort lauderdale , florida .
greenwald announced late tuesday that he was quitting the guardian for " a once-in-a-career dream journalistic opportunity " but said he was not ready to give more details .
now omidyar has confirmed to cnn 's christiane amanpour that he is behind the new media venture , which includes greenwald and others -- and that he will personally fund it .
greenwald has been at the forefront of a series of high-profile reports based on leaks from former u.s. national security agency contractor edward snowden .
journalist jeremy scahill and documentary filmmaker laura poitras will also be joining the venture , omidyar said .
greenwald has been working with poitras , based in berlin , on nsa-related stories .
scahill is the author of the new york times best-seller " blackwater : the rise of the world 's most powerful mercenary army . "
nsa leaker snowden deserves a nobel prize , his father says greenwald , who lives in brazil , said tuesday that it had not been easy to leave the guardian , but that he could not turn down the " momentous new venture . "
" my partnership with the guardian has been extremely fruitful and fulfilling : i have high regard for the editors and journalists with whom i worked and am incredibly proud of what we achieved , " he said .
" the decision to leave was not an easy one , but i was presented with a once-in-a-career dream journalistic opportunity that no journalist could possibly decline . "
( cnn ) -- " jughead , do you want to be my best man ? "
the marriage issue is due to arrive at comic stores in august and on newsstands in september .
archie andrews -- who spent decades in high school , flirting with girl-next-door betty cooper and heiress-next-door veronica lodge -- is getting married .
" i am so excited , i am getting married to archie .
there is so much to do , so many plans to make .
i wonder if betty wants to be my maid of honor ?
i bet she is so happy for me ! "
veronica writes on her blog .
" i am so sad , i do n't even know what to say , " betty writes on her blog .
the marriage issue is due to arrive at comic stores in august and on newsstands in september , according to publisher archie comic publications ( archiecomics.com ) .
the publisher says on its web site .
" the 32-page issue takes a look at archie and his friends after they graduate college !
what careers will they seek ?
will the friends stay in riverdale or disperse ?
what would lead archie to have marriage on his mind ?
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- the man who police say dressed as santa claus and killed nine people at a christmas eve party may have also had plans to kill his mother and his former wife 's divorce attorney , police said monday night .
bruce jeffrey pardo went on a shooting rampage in a los angeles suburb on wednesday , police say .
prime suspect bruce jeffrey pardo , who police said committed suicide hours after he went on a shooting rampage and started a raging house fire in the los angeles suburb of covina , left a rental car with a gasoline canister outside the home of attorney scott nord , said pat buchanan of the covina police department .
police previously said that pardo targeted his rampage at his former wife , sylvia ortega pardo , and her family at the family 's christmas eve party .
a divorce between the two was finalized in court on december 18 in a " somewhat contentious proceeding , " covina police chief kim raney said last week .
another rented car that pardo used to flee the scene was found booby-trapped after the shooting , police said .
that car burned as the covina bomb squad was trying to disconnect an explosive device in it , police said .
on saturday , covina police released the names of the nine people unaccounted for since the shooting and fire .
nine bodies were recovered from the rubble of the house , but authorities said that they are having to work with dental records to establish identities .
( cnn ) two of my eldest son 's first words were " dada " and " batman . "
( or " batmah , " at least . )
that should have clued me in that gilbert was following in his dad 's footsteps ; he was a superhero fan in the making .
as he grows up , his superheroes are shaping the person he 's becoming .
a fascination with superheroes can benefit a child in many ways , including boosting his self-confidence and making him feel powerful .
( and what better day than national superhero day , april 28 , to celebrate that ? )
gilbert is n't the only example of the positive powers of superhero worship .
in some cases , superheroes can teach children how to be strong .
cynthia falardeau of vero beach , florida , has also encouraged her son , wyatt , to explore superheroes for years , because of the way they changed her childhood for the better .
before she admired wonder woman and princess leia , falardeau was bullied by other kids for her first heroic inspiration , mary poppins .
" my two oldest brothers and their neighborhood friends squelched my dreams , " she said .
" their mockery drove me to find comfort in the arms of my mother . "
her mother encouraged her to pursue a more " daring " character , and soon she discovered wonder woman and tv 's bionic woman .
even today , she credits these heroes with some of the things she has accomplished in life .
the first overseas tour by the duke and duchess of cambridge -- north america -- was an undisputed triumph .
will their hosts in southeast asia be charmed as easily ?
here 's my best guess as to where and when the likely highlights will be .
the most poignant moment would undoubtedly be at the start of the tour in singapore .
in 1997 , the singapore botanic gardens named an orchid after prince william 's mother , diana , with the intention of presenting it to her on her next visit -- but she died before she had a chance to see it .
william completed what diana could not on the first day of his tour tuesday .
he and his wife also had an orchid named after them .
the duchess will give only her second public speech at a hospice in kuala lumpur .
public speaking does n't come naturally to catherine , but she clearly wants to make the hospice movement a key part of her public role : her first public speech as a royal was at east anglia 's children 's hospices , the hospice charity she supports in the uk .
catherine will be more comfortable on thursday night for what 's set to be the most glamorous evening of the tour : full frocks and rocks for a state dinner hosted by the king of malaysia , whose name -- almu ' tasimu billahi muhibbuddin tuanku alhaj abdul halim mu'adzam shah ibni almarhum sultan badlishah -- takes some getting used to .
luckily for the duke and duchess , the king -- who attended oxford university -- speaks fluent english .
editor 's note : paul begala , a democratic strategist and cnn political contributor , was a political consultant for bill clinton 's presidential campaign in 1992 and was counselor to clinton in the white house .
he was a co-host of " crossfire " on cnn with robert novak from 2002 to 2005 .
paul begala says he admired robert novak for his skepticism about authority , work ethic and faith in his beliefs .
( cnn ) -- in our innumerable debates , i delighted in calling bob novak " the finest mind of the 12th century . "
one time , though , he scowled and growled , " i prefer the 15th century .
spanish inquisition .
those were the days . "
novak left this world on tuesday , but he also left his mark .
needless to say i disagreed with bob about virtually every political issue , and sometimes our on-air debates continued as profanity-laced shouting matches after the show ended .
despite our profound differences , though , we were friends .
here 's why : bob was an iconoclast .
he loved poking conventional wisdom in the eye .
if all the media elite were perched on the same wire , bob would land on the opposite wire and gleefully squawk at them .
bob was an ideologue more than a partisan .
one of the many sources of tension between us was the fact that i am a partisan democrat who believes that , from time to time , my personal ideological agenda must take a backseat to advancing a broader progressive agenda carried by my party .
not bob .
he was a conservative first , last and always , and when he felt the republican party had strayed from his hard-core anti-tax , anti-government ideology he would hammer the gop with the same withering ridicule he usually dispensed to democrats .
st. george , utah ( cnn ) -- a young man whose arranged marriage to a young cousin led to the conviction of polygamist sect leader warren jeffs was charged wednesday with her rape .
prosecutors filed the rape charge against allen steed , 26 , a day after a jury found jeffs guilty of two rape-accomplice counts in connection with steed 's ill-fated 2001 marriage to elissa wall .
jurors found that jeffs used his authority as leader of the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints , or flds , to push the girl into a marriage she did not want .
steed was 19 and his bride , who also was his first cousin , was 14 when jeffs " sealed " them in spiritual marriage at a motel in caliente , nevada , where many flds weddings were performed .
three other couples also were married that day in separate ceremonies , according to testimony .
steed is accused of having sex with the girl against her will several weeks into the marriage .
he denied that he or jeffs had forced sex on her .
wall agreed to be identified publicly as the trial ended in hopes of encouraging other women who feel trapped by polygamy to come forward .
watch wall urge other girls to be brave » she testified that she told steed she was not ready and that her first sexual encounter made her feel dirty , used and trapped .
her pleas to church leaders to end the marriage were ignored , and jeffs told her to submit " mind , body and soul " to her new husband , wall told the jury .
( cnn ) -- the united states will not bargain with al qaeda over the life of an american worker filmed making an emotional plea to president barack obama to save his life , u.s. officials said monday .
" we do n't make concessions to terrorists , " state department spokesman mark toner said when asked whether the united states would meet the demands contained in a video posted sunday to several islamist websites featuring warren weinstein .
" my life is in your hands , mr. president , " said the american captured in august from his home in the pakistani city of lahore .
" if you accept the demands , i live .
white house spokesman jay carney reiterated the point , saying that while the administration 's hearts go out to weinstein and his family , " we can not and will not negotiate with al qaeda . "
" it is important that you accept these demands and act quickly and do n't delay , " weinstein said in the video posted sunday .
toner said that u.s. officials had not corroborated the video and could not say with certainty that the man in the video is weinstein .
the state department said monday that u.s. officials , including the fbi , are assisting pakistani authorities in the investigation .
( cnn ) -- former egyptian president hosni mubarak , who is still believed to be at his residence in sharm el-sheikh , will be brought to cairo next week for questioning in his corruption case , said mustafa bakri , a former member of parliament .
bakri , who brought the case against mubarak and other officials , was told of the development by the prosecutor general 's office on thursday .
attorney general abdel maguid mahmoud issued an order freezing assets of mubarak and his family on monday and prohibited them from leaving the country .
meanwhile , egyptian prime minister ahmed shafik has submitted his resignation and the egyptian military has appointed former transport minister essam sharaf to the post , the military 's facebook page said thursday .
bakri , a member of egypt 's parliament who lost his seat after filing corruption cases against various officials , provided documents indicating mubarak 's family has secret bank accounts totaling more than 200 million egyptian pounds ( $ 147 million ) , according to egynews .
" i submitted the corruption documents on sunday night and on monday morning i was called in by the public prosecutor for investigation , and he asked me to rush to his office . "
mahmoud ordered the freeze for property owned by mubarak , his wife suzanne , his two sons alaa and gamal mubarak , and their wives and children , egynews reported .
matos reacted in extraordinary fashion to being disqualified by chelbat .
matos , who took gold in sydney in 2000 , was winning 3-2 , with just over a minute left in the second round , when he fell to the mat after being hit by his opponent , kazakhstan 's arman chilmanov .
matos lay down , awaiting medical attention , but was then disqualified by referee chakir chelbat of sweden for taking too much injury time .
" we did n't expect anything like what you have witnessed to occur , " said world taekwondo federation secretary general yang jin-suk .
matos ' coach , leudis gonzalez , is also in hot water for his angry reaction and claiming the kazakhs had tried to fix the match .
" this is an insult to the olympic vision , an insult to the spirit of taekwondo and , in my opinion , an insult to mankind , " yang added .
although the arena announcer said matos and his coach were banned effective immediately , yang said due process must be followed before officially banning the two .
it was not the only controversial moment in the four-day taekwondo competition , which was marred by several protests against judging decisions .
( cnn ) -- they spent 69 days in the bowels of the earth , 700 meters deep , not knowing if they would survive .
for 17 days after the mine in which they were working collapsed , nobody even knew if they were alive .
friday marks the one-year observance of the fateful incident in chile that trapped 33 miners who were saved in a miraculous rescue that made headlines around the world .
four of the miners will observe the anniversary of the event that changed their lives in washington where an exhibit in their honor is being opened at the smithsonian institution .
mario sepulveda , one of the miners attending , reflected on the historical significance of the event .
he was the second to be rescued from the mine .
since they were rescued last october , the miners have traveled the world .
edison pena , the miner whose underground workouts in the darkness garnered attention , ran the new york marathon less than a month after being rescued .
then , in january , he was invited as a guest of honor to the graceland mansion , in memphis , tennessee .
pena had dreamed of visiting the mansion since he became an elvis fan as a teenager .
( cnn ) -- during the weeks of debates triggered by edward snowden and his release of information about a classified national security agency spying program , the story has moved further and further from the actual surveillance and centered instead on the international cat-and-mouse game to find him .
what has been remarkable is how democrats have expressed little opposition to the surveillance program .
many democrats have simply remained silent as these revelations have emerged while others , like california sen. dianne feinstein , have openly defended the program .
president barack obama , while initially acknowledging the need for a proper balance between civil liberties and national security , has increasingly focused on defending the government and targeting snowden .
when former president george w. bush offered comments that echoed much of the president 's sentiment , some of his supporters could n't help but cringe as these two one-time adversaries came together on the issue of counterterrorism .
the loss of a democratic opposition to the framework of counterterrorism policy has been one of the most notable aspects of obama 's term in office .
although obama ran in 2008 as a candidate who would change the way the government conducted its business and restore a better balance with civil liberties , it has not turned out that way .
obama has barely dismantled any of the bush programs , and sometimes even expanded their reach in the use of drone strikes and the targeting of american citizens .
he has also undertaken an aggressive posture toward those who criticize his program .
( cnn ) -- overprotective sister ?
underprotective husband ?
no one knows what was said amongst solange knowles , jay z and beyonce in that elevator in the standard hotel in manhattan or even what led up to the video that appears to show solange kicking and hitting her brother-in-law .
earlier this week , an elevator surveillance video surfaced that showed solange appearing to berate jay z before she becomes physical .
her sister , beyonce , is present and witnesses the attack .
the incident has inspired a hashtag , #whatjaysaidtosolange , countless memes and tons of speculation .
quoting an anonymous source , us weekly reported that solange knowles had an earlier run-in with designer rachel roy .
( roy is the ex-wife of damon dash , jay z 's former friend and business partner . )
in addition to the alleged argument with roy , the paper threw in jay z 's supposed desire to head solo to a party being given by rihanna .
this , according to the daily news , did not sit well with beyonce 's younger sister .
it was reportedly her wedding ring tattoo , meant to symbolize both her wedding date ( april 4 ) as well as her and jay z 's birthdays ( september 4 and december 4 , respectively ) .
so far , some of the principal characters seem to be letting instagram speak for them .
beyonce has posted happy pictures of her and her sister , while solange participated in " throwback thursday " with a picture of the two siblings as kids .
( cnn ) -- even a presidential campaign 's airplane troubles can get partisan in an election year .
aviation incidents involving president barack obama and ann romney , wife of republican presidential candidate mitt romney , have inspired hundreds of supporters commenting at cnn.com to connect those events to the candidates ' political positions .
when the air force one pilot aborted his first landing in toledo , ohio , due to weather on wednesday , commenters were quick to jump on obama .
" see , barack obama ca n't even land a plane correctly , " wrote a commenter whose handle is theotherbob .
" he was probably checking the polls - thinks he has ohio in the bag - no need to land , " wrote another commenter .
" he was distracted , since he was busy adjusting gas prices over his smart phone , " wrote another commenter .
her airplane cabin filling up with smoke due to an electrical problem was no laughing matter , but commenters quickly took aim at her husband and his response .
mitt romney talked about not being able to open the airplane 's windows in flight .
( new york times writer ashley parker , who wrote the presidential pool report mentioning the comments , declined to comment on his remarks , referring cnn to a new york magazine piece where she made it clear that romney was joking . )
" maybe if romney had n't started the outsourcing trend , that plane would have been built and maintained better by hardworking 47 % ers , " wrote one commenter .
we are the 47 % your husband scorns , " wrote commenter kweso .
london , england ( cnn ) -- an american professor doing research in london stumbled across a series of previously unknown letters written by , to , and about benjamin franklin , a stunning find that sheds new light on early u.s. history .
the collection of 47 letters are hand-written copies made 250 years ago , when franklin lived in london .
that they were filed under the copyist 's name , not franklin 's , may explain why they were overlooked by historians until now , said a curator at the british library , where the letters are held .
the find is reported in the april issue of the william & mary quarterly , a journal of early american history and culture .
the letters are important in large part because they offer a " wealth of new details " that affect modern understanding of franklin , writes alan houston , the political science professor who discovered the letters in the spring of 2007 .
they also raise the question of how many other documents remain waiting to be found on franklin and his life .
houston , a professor at the university of california at san diego , discovered the letters on the last day of his last research trip to london , just before the library 's closing time .
" i 've read everything franklin ever wrote . "
( cnn ) -- a second consecutive round of 66 fired paul casey to the top of the memorial tournament leaderboard in dublin , ohio , friday after overnight leader rory mcilroy fell away .
" i had very good control of the irons today , " casey told the pga tour website upon reaching the clubhouse .
" the driving was still good again but i was ecstatic with the way i played .
there was a couple of mistakes in there .
but that 's muirfield village .
mcilroy had led by three strokes after thursday 's stunning 63 but fell way back to tie for 24th position at the end of day thanks to second round 78 that included three bogeys and three double-bogeys .
the 25-year-old northern irishman , who picked up the european pga title at wentworth last weekend , had complained of a knee problem after his first round but refused to blame injury for his poor showing .
" i felt it a little bit , but did n't really bother me too much , " he said .
" hopefully that 's the bad run out of the way and i can play some good golf on the weekend and get myself back in with the shots , " he added .
elsewhere on the course , a 70 for chris kirk ensured he kept up the pressure on second-placed watson , lying one shot back at eight-under-par .
weary and traumatized from the conflict that had divided their city -- and would claim some 150,000 lives over its 15 years -- people would come to his apartment to lose themselves in a night of jazz , blues , funk , soul , classical and arabic music .
" they used to come because of the music , to forget the war , " said gebran .
" my friends had nowhere to go , " he said .
there were two or three clubs in christian east beirut , the same in the city 's muslim west .
" but they were very constipated .
very good dress , the same music all the time , " he said .
" it was very commercial , easy listening , everywhere you go . "
the hip , hedonistic scenes in the fashionable neighborhoods of gemmayze or hamra are unlike anything to be found elsewhere in the arab world -- and can be an unexpected find in a country in which austere islamic militant group hezbollah forms part of the government .
" it is the nightlife capital of the region , " said naomi sargeant , managing director of city guide time out beirut .
i do n't think there 's anything on par . "
the former world number one has not played competitively since winning her fourth wimbledon crown in july .
she sustained the original injury after standing on broken glass at a restaurant shortly after winning her second grand slam of the year and 13th of her glittering career .
she said : " as i continue to rehabilitate my foot after the second surgery last month , it is with the utmost regret that i am withdrawing from the hopman cup and the 2011 australian open championships .
" as i recently learned , pushing myself back into my intense training too early only caused me further injury and damage .
" while i desperately want to be back on the court and competing in the first grand slam tournament of the year , it is imperative for my health that i continue to work with my doctors to ensure my foot heals properly . "
williams dominated the early part of the 2010 season , with victories at the australian open and the grass of wimbledon , but in her absence caroline wozniacki of denmark claimed top spot in the global rankings .
( cnn ) as " mad men " returned for its seventh season , many viewers tuned in to see what happened next for don , peggy , pete and the other characters of the hit amc show .
many were eager to see the fabulous clothes the actors wore .
we ca n't help but wonder -- was all that glamour real , or is it just the magic of tv ?
janie lambert , 61 , says she thinks " mad men " portrays the decade 's conservative fashion and mod look accurately .
but she remembers the late 1960s as more colorful and vibrant .
" my favorite looks in the '60s were the bright colors and bold patterns , stripes and polka dots , miniskirts , long hair and pale lipstick , " lambert says .
' mad men ' and the other 1960s many ireporters strived to keep up with the fast pace of the changing fashion in the late '60s .
patricia anne alfano , 66 , went from a british-inspired mod style cheerleader to a hippie in a matter of three years .
in 1967 , alfano was an " eaglette " -- an nfl cheerleader for the philadelphia eagles .
unlike today , the cheerleaders were covered from head to toe .
the uniforms had long sleeves , and the cheerleaders wore gloves and cloth helmets .
" from the early 1960s until 1967 , i spent tons of time on my hair , " she says , noting her mod hairdo in the picture is actually a wig .
in 1968 , the style began to evolve .
alfano still spent a lot of time on her hair , but her peers began heavily criticizing all things materialistic , so the style became more casual .
( cnn ) -- a portugal player embarrassed himself monday with his crazy decision to use his head the wrong way and he got panned for the way he lashed out at an opponent .
as was a 0-0 draw that produced very little excitement .
but then there was the stunning goal by a u.s. player whose inclusion in the game was a surprise to many .
here are a few of the day 's big developments .
that 's not nice pepe , pepe , pepe .
bad boy !
it is generally frowned upon to headbutt anyone , anytime -- unless it 's wrestlemania !
but if you 're gon na do it -- and again , shame on you for thinking about it -- at least do it right .
" i 'll rate that headbutt 1 #zidane out of 5 #nevergofullpepe #worldcup2014 , " said @mrnewports .
" calling that a head-butt by pepe is an insult to zizou .....
two-goal arjen robben made an immediate impact following his transfer from real madrid .
the dutch winger netted both goals in the second half to add to mario gomez 's first-half opener at the allianz arena .
the victory left bayern five points behind new leaders bayer leverkusen , who went three points clear after four games with a 2-1 victory at home to bochum earlier on saturday .
visiting wolfsburg crashed to a second successive defeat , having lost 4-2 to hamburg last weekend .
armin veh 's team went behind in the 27th minute when germany striker gomez pounced for his second goal of the season after diego benaglio could only parry hamit altintop 's long-range shot .
van gaal brought on robben , signed during the week from spanish big-spenders real madrid , at the start of the second half .
his first goal was set up by fellow substitute franck ribery in the 69th minute , with the dutchman 's shot taking a slight deflection off andrea barzagli .
wolfsburg striker edin dzeko hit the post in the 72nd minute and his fellow frontman grafite had an effort cleared off the line by philipp lahm soon after .
but robben settled bayern 's nerves in the 81st minute from a counter-attack , with france star ribery again involved .
leverkusen trailed bochum in the 32nd minute when manuel friedrich put the ball into his own net , deflecting joel epalle 's shot past goalkeeper rene adler .
( cnn ) -- former house majority leader eric cantor 's new gig on wall street will line his pockets , to the tune of more than $ 1 million per year .
and for those who played an instrumental role in his defeat in virginia 's primaries , the justification of their concerns about the former congressman is quite fulfilling .
he certainly did n't waste any time validating that theory . "
cantor , who was the no. 2 republican in the house , lost his primary this year to unknown college professor david brat .
part of the reason was voters thought he was disconnected from his richmond , virginia , district by focusing instead on his duties as a fundraiser and national leader for the republican party .
he left congress early , resigning his seat last month .
since 1999 , the seven-term congressman had raised more than $ 3 million from the investment industry .
and in his last campaign , the industry was his largest contributor , donating $ 785,000 , according to the center for responsive politics .
in a statement , cantor said , " when i considered options for the next chapter of my career , i knew i wanted to join a firm with a great entrepreneurial spirit that focused on its clients . "
the ashes of late actor james doohan , who played chief engineer montgomery scott in the original " star trek " television series and a series of subsequent films , were on the spacex rocket that launched a private spacecraft into orbit this week .
doohan 's character was referenced in the " beam me up , scotty " catchphrase associated with " star trek . "
in various versions of the command , capt. james t. kirk , played by william shatner , would ask his scottish-descended colleague to activate a matter teleportation device that would transport kirk or others to the starship enterprise .
while it is unclear if the exact phrase " beam me up , scotty " ever was uttered in a " star trek " episode , it became a popular bumper sticker and doohan chose it for the title of his autobiography published in 1996 .
he died in 2005 .
celestis , a company that provides memorial spaceflights , confirmed that some of doohan 's cremated remains were among 320 sets on the spacex falcon 9 rocket launched tuesday .
stellar week for spacex founder elon musk in addition , a portion of the cremated remains of mercury 7 astronaut gordon cooper also were on board , the company confirmed .
the falcon 9 rocket , which carried up the spacex dragon craft for a possible rendezvous this week with the international space station , is expected to remain in orbit for months until burning up when it falls back into the earth 's atmosphere .
" he would rather have flown when he was alive , of course , " said doohan 's widow , wende doohan , who watched the spacex launch tuesday with the couple 's 12-year-old daugher , one of three children from a 31-year marriage .
lagos , nigeria ( cnn ) -- the court date of a man held after deadly bombings in nigeria has been postponed because of fears about his safety in custody , his lawyer said monday .
henry okah is being held in a johannesburg , south africa , prison , but his lawyer , rudi krause , wants him separated from the general prison population for his safety , he said .
he is being charged under terrorism legislation , krause said .
extradition has not been discussed , he added .
the prosecutor and police have applied for the hearing to be postponed to tuesday morning , the lawyer said .
okah is suspected of being an influential member of the group that took responsibility for the bombings that killed 12 people and injured 50 in nigeria on friday .
the movement for the emancipation of the niger delta , known as mend , issued a statement saturday saying it had given the nigerian government advance warning .
the nigerian intelligence service said monday that nine people have been arrested and are being questioned in connection with the blasts friday in the nation 's capital , abuja .
authorities are still seeking two men , identified as chima orlu and ben jessy , whom they accuse of being the " masterminds " of the plot .
but sources close to mend told cnn that the two men are " not known to be mend operatives or known to be active on the niger delta issue . "
nigerian president goodluck jonathan has appointed andrew azazi , his former chief of defense staff , to be the country 's national security adviser in the wake of the bombings , jonathan 's office told cnn on monday .
( cnn ) -- the four new york times staffers recently held captive for about a week by pro-moammar gadhafi troops made it out of libya alive .
however , they 're unsure if their driver , mohammed , did .
and the experience is forcing the seasoned war journalists to reconsider how they look at the world .
" we probably should have died those first 12 hours , given , you know , the intensity of the firefight and the positions we were in , " anthony shadid told anderson cooper on cnn 's " ac360 . "
but when shadid and his colleagues lynsey addario , stephen farrell and tyler hicks emerged unscathed from the firefight , they fled right into the arms of their soon-to-be captors , who were manning a government checkpoint .
mohammed got out of their vehicle at the checkpoint .
and i looked down and next to the driver 's side was a man , face down with one arm outstretched , and he clearly was n't moving .
and my initial thought was , ' it 's mohammed . '
but i do n't -- i did n't see his face , and it 's hard to say , because we do n't know .
hicks said mohammed was about 21 years old and a great driver .
" we 've been checking the jails , the hospitals , morgues , everything , " hicks said .
" and still , nothing has come forward .
and you know , this is all weighing very heavily on all of us ... we feel this huge responsibility . "
( cnn ) -- mohamed morsi is an american-educated engineer who vows to stand for democracy , women 's rights , and peaceful relations with israel if he wins the egyptian presidency .
one analyst describes him as an " icon " of those seeking an " extreme agenda . "
as morsi , 60 , battles to win the presidency , questions surround how much of a hard line he would take , and what direction he would steer the country .
morsi leads the freedom and justice party , the political wing of the muslim brotherhood -- the most powerful political movement in the new egyptian government , controlling about half of parliament .
his party notes that he was arrested several times under president hosni mubarak 's regime for protesting " repressive measures and oppressive practices , " as well as " rigged elections . "
at one point he spent seven months in jail .
but he " represents the older , more conservative wing of the brotherhood and openly endorses a strict islamic vision , " isobel coleman of the council on foreign relations wrote in a column for cnn.com .
" a vote for mohamed morsi will consolidate the brotherhood 's political influence , which could translate into a constitution with weaker provisions for protection of minority and women 's rights . "
he told cnn he has no such plans .
his party seeks " an executive branch that represents the people 's true will and implements their public interests , " morsi told cnn 's christiane amanpour .
aaron swartz helped create the internet .
maybe not the internet foundations of arpanet and tcp/ip and mosaic , the codes and packets and standards on which the whole thing is based .
but he was a factor in fashioning some of the web 's upper floors .
with his contributions to rss coding and the web application framework , swartz made some of today 's more expansive internet possible .
" aaron was a genius , " said christopher soghoian , principal technologist and a senior policy analyst at the aclu .
" he was a technologist who was committed to open access to information , and committed to bringing about the changes he believed in . "
" when i was young and getting into technology aaron was even younger and literally setting the standards for the web with contributions to rss 1.0 and creative commons .
he inspired a generation to share online , to move to ( san francisco ) , to not be afraid to start things , and to break down barriers . "
he was 26 .
although swartz 's life was not without controversy -- he faced federal charges that he illegally downloaded millions of scholarly papers from mit -- his death has been met with an outpouring of tributes and grief .
" we 're working with local law enforcement and the arkansas ( division of children and family services ) and we 're going to bring him home to florida to his legal guardian as soon as possible , " terri durdaller said about the boy , zander .
mindy mccready 's assistant said the singer turned zander over to the arkansas authorities and that he would be returned to her on monday .
" she has a 99 % chance of her child leaving with her on monday morning . "
she described zander as " very ok . "
" we 're relieved , " they told cnn .
" we feel sorrow for zander because he 's traumatized , and for mindy .
we just hope she does the right thing from here on out and that this is a wake-up call for her . "
the boy was located hours after gayle inge made a public plea for her daughter to obey a court order to return her son to the care of the inges .
the imbroglio started when mccready , who has fought a public battle against drug addiction , took her son from her father 's florida home .
this week , a florida judge ordered mccready to return the boy to authorities .
steubenville , ohio ( cnn ) -- one of the teens who recorded himself mocking the girl at the center of an ohio rape case " did a really dumb thing and regrets it " but did not commit any crime , his lawyer said monday .
the attorney , dennis mcnamara , said there was " no excuse or justification " for the jokes michael nodianos made , " and with some sober reflection , he is ashamed and embarrassed to hear them himself . "
" he was not raised to act in this manner . "
two 16-year-old members of the town 's powerhouse high school football team are charged with sexually assaulting a girl after a series of parties in august .
" michael is a really good kid from a really good family who did a really dumb thing and regrets it , " he said .
" beyond that , he has no involvement in the criminal case or in any of the underlying activity that led to the filing of the criminal charges . "
defense battles social media blizzard in ohio rape case the case gained national attention after the new york times published a lengthy piece on it in december .
the activist hacker group anonymous and other critics have accused community leaders of trying to paper over rampant misconduct by football players and suggested that other students took part in the assaults or failed to do enough stop them .
anonymous helped organize a weekend protest in steubenville that drew a crowd of hundreds to the town , a community of about 18,000 on the ohio river across the river from west virginia .
according to the peruvian times , four american tourists were detained on march 14 for getting naked and posing for photos at the site .
in a pair of separate incidents earlier in the week , two canadians and two australians were detained for stripping down for pictures at machu picchu .
the bare-it-all episodes followed a 2013 incident in which a naked couple was videotaped by other tourists while streaking across machu picchu 's grass field and bounding down a stone staircase like a pair of adolescent antelopes .
the website my naked trip features images of an israeli man named amichay rab posing in the buff at sites around south america , including machu picchu .
rab 's long , curly hair and bold poses have won him a cluster of followers .
crackdown peru 's ministry of culture has denounced the spectacle of nude visitors at machu picchu as " disrespectful " and " unfortunate events that threaten cultural heritage . "
" there are places in the world that people can get naked , but not all places are ( appropriate ) for getting undressed , " alfredo mormontoy atayupanqui , director of archaeological resources for peru 's ministry of culture , tells cnn .
according to mormontoy , park rules printed on the back of admission tickets warn visitors against being nude in public .
" tourists should comply with local rules and regulations when they are traveling , otherwise there will be thousands of problems , " he says .
( cnn ) -- world no. 1 serena williams ' preparations for her australian open title defense suffered a late blip when she was beaten in the final of the sydney international by elena dementieva on friday .
the american , who had struggled past unseeded frenchwoman aravane rezai in three sets in the semifinals when she appeared to injure her left leg , lost 6-3 6-2 to suffer her fifth defeat in her last eight clashes with the russian .
" i was struggling a little bit , but she definitely deserves all the credit , " williams told reporters .
" it 's definitely not ligament problems .
it 's just a little pain but the strapping usually helps the pain go away . "
dementieva , who beat world no. 2 dinara safina in the quarterfinals , successfully defended her title in the final event before the first grand slam tournament of this decade starts on monday .
" it 's great to play against the best players in the world , especially going into a grand slam .
it was a great experience and it 'll help me next week at the australian open , " she told the wta tour 's official web site dementieva went into the match against williams having been handed a potential second-round clash with former world no. 1 justine henin , who pulled out of the sydney event as a precaution after suffering a leg injury in her comeback tournament in brisbane .
seven-time grand slam winner henin , handed a wildcard after a 20-month retirement , will start against unseeded fellow belgian kirsten flipkens on monday while fifth seed dementieva plays fellow russian vera dushevina .
( cnn ) a man suspected in last year 's killing of university of virginia student hannah graham has been charged with first-degree murder in the case , a prosecutor told reporters tuesday .
" these indictments signal the beginning of the next phase in what has been an incredibly difficult process for the family of hannah graham , for our community and for the men and women of the many departments and agencies who have worked on this matter since september of last year , " lunsford said .
lunsford 's team decided not to charge matthew with capital murder , which could have led to a death sentence if he were convicted .
lunsford said she would n't give details on what led to that decision , except to say that a " great deal of serious thought " went into it .
those considerations included " the impact on the community , the grahams , and the need to provide mr. matthew with a fair trial . "
" i have discussed this matter with the grahams on many occasions , and they are aware of the indictments , " lunsford said .
matthew also was charged with reckless driving in two incidents about a week after graham 's disappearance , lunsford said .
matthew 's first court appearance on the indictments is scheduled for february 18 .
his attorney , jim camblos , declined to comment tuesday , except to acknowledge the february 18 court appearance and to say that he received news of the indictments late monday afternoon .
( cnn ) -- only two republican presidential candidates will appear on the ballot in virginia next year , regardless of how many are in the race .
mitt romney and ron paul will have the dominion state all to themselves .
that 's because their campaigns failed to gain the requisite 10,000 signatures .
they not only impede ballot access but end up denying open representative democracy to operate on the road to the oval office .
the united states is the only nation in the world , save switzerland , that does not have uniform federal ballot access laws , according to ballot access news , a website run by richard winger that is dedicated to the issue .
this may reflect the country 's closely held federalism , but it can create chaos in a presidential year .
in many cases , the rules are imposed by state party bosses who are less interested in democracy than in rigging the system to benefit their favored candidates .
but the state 's primary delegates can still be a prize in a protracted republican nomination fight .
in 1999 , john mccain had to sue to even have his name appear on the ballot alongside george w. bush because the republican state party chair and his committee essentially decided that bush would be their nominee without the inconvenience of putting it to a vote .
local laws allowed them to restrict ballot access until public pressure and a court injunction overruled their attempted end-run around democracy .
each presidential cycle , the corrupt kabuki continues .
( cnn ) -- if george orwell and lucille ball had a love child , his name would be stephen colbert .
in " 1984 , " orwell described a totalitarian society in which meaningless political language , dubbed newspeak , veiled horrible truths .
earlier , in " brave new world , " aldous huxley described toddlers conditioned in laboratories to be afraid of books .
and in " a clockwork orange , " anthony burgess imagined a world in which ultraviolent teens rampaged in a distinctive english-russian patois that defined their alienation from society and authority .
now in the 21st century , there is colbert 's " truthiness " -- political half-truths , quarter-truths and what the website politifact describes as " pants-on-fire " prevarications .
on his comedy central show , " the colbert report , " he introduced " the word , " a regular deconstruction of language contortion designed , in orwell 's notion , to defend the indefensible .
( one example : " a perfect world , " as in , journalists should demand to investigate torture , but it 's not a perfect world . )
it 's sharp political humor and a canny critique of american culture , language and iconography .
and it 's helped the comic emerge as this nation 's court jester , licensed by the youthful cable tv audience to speak truth to power .
such is colbert 's power and influence that he has been invited to testify before congress today on the issue of illegal immigration -- and to testify in character .
it 's as if the congress of the eisenhower years invited harpo marx to offer testimony by beeping his bicycle horn .
colbert has long been on to something important about the nature of our political discourse at the beginning of a new postmodern millennium : that ideology has become the lens through which americans found their particular truth , let the evidence be damned .
the magazine ranked her first on its list of " hollywood 's most overpaid actors , " reporting that her films only bring in 40 cents for every dollar she is paid as an actress -- and that 's without taking into account the fall tv bust " charlie 's angels , " on which barrymore served as an executive producer .
eddie murphy had the unenviable fate of taking second place , though his return ( $ 2.70 for every dollar he 's paid ) was significantly higher than barrymore 's .
while the jury is still out whether " tower heist " ( opening today ) and his stint as oscars host will bring murphy the gold in 2012 , his fate for 2011 is sealed .
see what other big names made the list after the jump .
for this list , forbes analyzed hollywood 's 40 top-earning actors and their respective compensation for their starring roles in the last five years and compared it to the operating income on those films .
nicolas cage ( # 6 ) might be the person on the list who is simultaneously the most predictable and unexpected entrant .
as a go-to guy for huge action flicks , it seems like he 'd generate healthy revenue stream .
then you remember his recent films include " season of the witch , " " drive angry , " and more recently " trespass , " which earned a paltry $ 16,000 in its first weekend .
yes , friends , that 's roughly the going rate for a honda fit .
( cnn ) -- sylvia robinson , a singer-songwriter who went on to become a pioneer in the hip-hop music business , introducing the seminal " rapper 's delight , " died thursday in new jersey of congestive heart failure .
she was 76 .
best known as an artist for 1973 's sultry " pillow talk , " robinson was a " trendsetter " in music , publicist lynn k. hobson told cnn .
" she was known as the founder of hip-hop , " hobson said .
" she was vibrant , with an over-the-top personality . "
robinson 's singing , producing and songwriting career dated back to the 1950s , when she recorded as " little sylvia " and later as one half of the duo " mickey & sylvia . "
the team 's hit " love is strange , " which hit the pop charts in early 1957 and reached no. 1 on the rhythm-and-blues chart , found new life three decades later in the 1987 movie " dirty dancing . "
she also produced " love on a two-way street " for the moments in 1970 .
born sylvia vanterpool , robinson and her late husband , joe , founded sugar hill records in 1979 and released the early hip hop hit , " rapper 's delight , " performed by the sugar hill gang .
the song , which adapted the musical track of chic 's " good times , " began with the familiar lines , " i said a hip hop , a hippie , a hippie to the hip hip hop , you do n't stop to rock it . "
the label also signed grandmaster flash and the furious five , which had success in the 1980s , including the hit " the message . "
kanye west and alicia keys are among the artists who sampled songs associated with robinson , hobson said .
a state department special envoy will travel to north korea this week to try to free kenneth bae , the u.s. citizen detained there since november , the state department and white house said tuesday .
ambassador robert king , the president 's special envoy for north korean human rights issues , will head to pyongyang at north korea 's invitation , the state department said .
king , currently traveling in the region , will go to the capital friday , the white house said .
his sister , terri chung , told cnn two weeks ago that bae was recently moved to a hospital because of a serious decline in his health .
kenneth bae : please help me the media also say bae planned an operation to bring down the government through religious activities .
king will ask pyongyang to pardon bae and grant him special amnesty on humanitarian grounds " so that he can be reunited with his family and seek medical treatment , " the state department said .
bae suffers from severe back and leg pain and has lost more than 50 pounds , chung told cnn earlier this month .
( cnn ) -- tragically , another celebrity has died after years of struggling with addiction , personal demons and multiple stints at rehab .
country singer mindy mccready 's death is in the headlines , but similar tragedies happen every day and you never hear about them .
take the case of wyatt d. , who went to rehab at least 12 times for treatment of heroin addiction and whose family notified me last summer of his death from drug-related causes .
these are n't their real names , but sadly , they were real people .
they attended some of the most recognized facilities in the country , only to be offered the same type of treatment over and over and to have it suggested that something was wrong with them when treatment failed .
just this week , drew pinsky , who treated mccready on the third season of his show " celebrity rehab , " said in reaction to her death , " unfortunately , it seems that mindy did not sustain her treatment . "
tv show hosts offered the typical platitudes : " stay in treatment ; treatment is effective ; please get help . "
i 'll speculate that something else might have been going on with mccready , as it was for many of the more than 100 people i interviewed who had recently experienced the american addiction treatment system .
pettway , 49 , made an initial appearance in federal court monday afternoon to face the single kidnapping count .
she did not speak or enter a plea during the five-minute hearing .
magistrate judge gabriel gorenstein ordered her held until a february 7 bail hearing .
she was dressed in a blue jail uniform and did not look around as she was escorted into the courtroom .
in their second-row seats , white 's parents leaned forward for a better view of the woman accused of taking their daughter from them more than 23 years ago .
during an interview with federal investigators sunday , pettway allegedly expressed remorse that she " caused a lot of pain , " court papers state .
after the hearing , defense attorney robert baum said he believed pettway did express remorse but would not say whether he would challenge her statement to investigators before reading the charging documents .
he added , " she 's hopeful that the ending of this tragedy for everyone will shed new light on her role . "
( cnn ) -- svetlana kuznetsova drew on her vast experience to keep russia in contention for a fifth fed cup tennis title in the final against the czech republic on saturday .
the 26-year-old , who featured in three of her nation 's four winning line-ups between 2004 and 2008 , helped russia end the first day on level terms in moscow after world no. 2 petra kvitova continued her remarkable year .
kuznetsova lost both of her singles matches in the 2004 final , a 3-2 win over france sealed in the deciding doubles tie , but was undefeated in four finals outings in 2007-08 .
the former u.s. open and french open champion continued that winning run as she beat lucie safarova 6-2 6-3 .
but if i was playing that rubber in the year 2004 , i think i would feel really tight and jittery , " she told the fed cup website .
kuznetsova , ranked 19th , will take on the 21-year-old kvitova in sunday 's opening reverse singles rubber in their first career meeting .
kirilenko has a 4-1 career record over safarova , but they have not met since 2009 .
flint , michigan ( cnn ) -- a few weeks ago , nicole mansfield called her daughter in flint , michigan .
she tried to calm triana jones down , but she had bad news .
" she said , ' i might not be home in a week , somebody stole my id , ' " jones recalled of the conversation almost a month ago .
" so she was n't able to come home . "
this was n't a minor headache , part of the travail of international travel .
jones thought her mother could be in syria , fighting alongside rebels in the country 's bloody civil war .
syrian state-run television aired a story saying that government forces had killed three westerners .
the camera pans close to bodies arranged in a row , lying on the ground .
mansfield 's relatives told cnn they have no doubt she 's one of them .
though it 's unclear how the family knew to look on the web to see the images , they say the fbi paid the mansfield family a visit thursday to ask them about reports that mansfield was killed in syria .
" the first time i saw those pictures i had to look again because i did n't even recognize her .
i did n't believe it was my mom the first time i saw them , " jones told cnn , choking back tears .
" and then i had to look again and i looked at her body and her feet and her hands and her nose and her mouth .
and i knew it was her . "
kanye 's " fantasy " conquered reality ; the black keys locked into a groove ; arcade fire burned down the suburbs .
jamey johnson , " the guitar song " 1 : what does jamey johnson keep under all of that hair ?
songs .
nashville 's gruffest and grittiest star turns out to be its most reliable traditionalist , a music row pro who can write a song for every emotional season .
johnson pulled out a whole slew of them -- 25 , clocking in north of 105 minutes -- for his double-disc fourth album : acoustic confessions and rugged boogie blues , big weepers and grim reapers , cover tunes and novelty ditties , not to mention " california riots " and " playing the part , " a pair of fiercely funny , unrepentantly redneck swipes at the frou-frou blue states .
arcade fire , " the suburbs " arcade fire do n't do anything small -- so leave it to the montreal collective to make an album of vast , orchestral rock that locates the battle for the human soul amid big houses and manicured lawns .
" the suburbs " is the band 's most adventurous album yet : see the psychotic speed strings on " empty room , " the crazy horse rush of " month of may , " the synth-pop disco of " sprawl ii ( mountains beyond mountains ) . "
win butler and his wife , régine chassagne , sing about suburban boredom , fear of change and wanting to have a kid of their own -- always scaling their intimate confessions to arena-rock levels and finding beauty wherever they look .
elton john and leon russell , " the union " two rock giants , one largely forgotten , rekindle a friendship and make music that ranks with their best .
producer t bone burnett delivers his most spectacular production in memory , filled with shining steel guitar , chortling brass and gospel-time choirs .
ultimately , it 's russell 's voice that shines brightest , drawing on the entire history of american popular music in its canny , vulnerable , knowing croon .
rio de janeiro , brazil ( cnn ) -- an american man fighting for custody of his 9-year-old son has been invited to spend christmas with the boy 's brazilian family , the family 's attorney said friday .
david goldman has been locked in a legal battle over custody of his son , sean goldman , with the family of the boy 's deceased mother .
the family 's attorney , sergio tostes , said friday that the legal battle had gone too far .
" it is about time that sean 's family , and i mean all sean 's family , get together .
i am authorized by mrs. silvana bianchi to invite you , mr. goldman , to spend christmas night at her house , " tostes said , referring to sean 's maternal grandmother .
" this will be a long awaited family reunion " " i hope you can accept and we can talk logistics , " he said , with the boy 's grandmother standing next to him .
tostes also said that the family would consider allowing the boy to go to the united states , perhaps for the holidays , if sean wants to go .
however , " sean must be heard in court , " he said .
there was no immediate response from goldman .
earlier friday , goldman slammed a decision by a brazilian supreme court justice thursday that prevented the boy 's return to the united states .
that decision had " nothing to do with the merits " of the case , he said .
on wednesday , a lower court unanimously upheld a decision ordering that sean be returned to his father in new jersey .
that decision was made in accordance with the 1980 hague convention on the civil aspects of child abductions .
( cnn ) -- novak djokovic is on course for a " fab four " of australian open titles when the tournament begins in melbourne next week -- and the defending champion says all he needs is love .
" i got engaged in september , " djokovic told the media assembled under melbourne 's sunny skies friday .
" but since we got engaged i have n't lost a match so i guess the wedding should come very soon ! "
" it 's great to see boris as elegant as ever he 's a legend of our sport , " said djokovic , nodding to becker , who was watching in the crowd wearing a smart beige blazer .
" he 's not been in australia for 15 years so he 's surprised to see how much has been done since then and for me it 's an honor to have him alongside other team members .
abidjan , ivory coast ( cnn ) -- the european union announced a recovery package of 180 million euros for the ivory coast on tuesday as residents of the african nation attempted to adjust to life with a clear leader and relative stability after months of bloodshed .
forces arrested former president laurent gbagbo after storming his residence on monday .
gbagbo defied calls to step down after an electoral commission declared he lost a presidential election in november to alassane ouattara .
a violent power struggle followed the standoff , with supporters loyal to both sides taking to the streets in protests since december .
hundreds have been killed , according to the united nations and the international committee of the red cross .
andris piebalgs , eu commissioner for development , announced the recovery package on tuesday .
" we will stand by ivory coast and its people by immediately starting to work with the government of president ouattara to support him in getting the country on the right track towards reconciliation , democracy , economic recovery and sustainable development , " he said .
it also will clear the ivory coast 's debt accumulated through the european investment bank .
gen. phillipe mangou , gbagbo 's former army chief of staff , said on state television that the generals were received by ouattara and given orders to take measures to restore order in the country .
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- michael jackson 's sister , latoya jackson , told a london newspaper she suspects her brother was " murdered " in a conspiracy by " a shadowy entourage . "
michael jackson " was surrounded by a bad circle , " latoya jackson told a british newspaper .
london 's daily mail newspaper paid for the interview , according to a source close to the jackson family and another source familiar with the interview arrangements .
the amount of money paid was not disclosed .
latoya jackson was " very candid " throughout the four-hour interview , which took place in los angeles , california , last thursday , said caroline graham , the daily mail reporter who conducted the interview .
jackson cited no evidence of a murder conspiracy , graham said , but she did tell the paper the family has seen results from the private autopsy it ordered .
she would not reveal the findings , graham said .
watch reporter describe latoya 's demeanor » " there indeed had been concern among several family members about the circumstances around michael 's death , " said bryan monroe , the last journalist to interview michael jackson .
" some folks have hesitated to go as far as saying it was murder . "
the los angeles coroner could release his autopsy report on jackson within a week , according to assistant chief coroner ed winter .
los angeles police chief william bratton told cnn last week that he was waiting for the coroner to determine the exact cause of jackson 's death .
" and based on those , we will have an idea of what it is we are dealing ( with ) , " he said .
" the family is aware of a potential criminal prosecution , " said the source , who did not want to be identified .
the two-time champion bounced back in style after losing the first four games of the match against the 80th-ranked bellucci .
nadal won the next four , before smashing his south american opponent 7-0 in the first-set tie break and then wrapping up the remaining sets 6-2 6-3 .
" it 's always tough to make the change from clay to grass , especially when over the last couple of months i played almost every match on tour , " said nadal , who won the french open earlier this month .
" i had more mistakes than usual and i was very lucky to come back from 4-0 . "
the world number four made short work of beating russia 's nikolay davydenko 6-1 6-1 6-4 , and the british number one also looked in peak physical form following recent fitness concerns .
but it was a day to forget for australia 's men 's players , with none making the second round at the all england club for the first time since 1938 .
no. 20 seed bernard tomic , who made the quarterfinals last year , slumped to a surprise 3-6 6-3 6-4 6-4 defeat against belgian wildcard david goffin .
" i have slacked off a little bit and look what it 's costing me .
it 's a lack of concentration , not working hard , " admitted the 19-year-old after the defeat .
( cnn ) -- a man suspected of conspiring with a terrorist network responsible for the deaths of five u.s. soldiers in iraq was arrested wednesday in canada , according to a statement from the u.s. attorney 's office for the eastern district of new york .
faruq khalil muhammad , 38 , is charged with conspiring to kill americans abroad and providing material support to a terrorist network that conducted suicide bombings in iraq , the statement said .
he was arrested by authorities after a u.s. warrant was issued for his arrest .
the trucks ' detonation destroyed a vehicle in a nearby u.s. convoy , killing sgt. gary l. woods , 24 ; sgt. 1st .
muhammed is suspected of providing material support for that attack and allegedly sought to conduct attacks himself and become a suicide bomber , the statement said .
" there is no safe harbor for terrorists , including those who endeavor to spread violence from halfway across the world , " said u.s. attorney loretta e. lynch in the statement .
" today 's arrest demonstrates that we have not forgotten that sacrifice ( of u.s. soldiers ) and will continue to use every available means to bring to justice all those who are responsible . "
syria may be embroiled in a brutal three-year civil war , but that 's not stopping the government from holding controversial presidential elections this week .
the election , which has been branded a sham by the west and by the syrian opposition , is widely expected to return president bashar al-assad to power .
cnn international correspondent frederik pleitgen has reported from inside syria numerous times during the conflict , which has left an estimated 150,000 people dead .
why is it happening now ?
the regime says it shows the country is moving forward and that it is the first time a president will be elected by the people rather than appointed .
who are the other candidates ?
the other two candidates are relative unknowns .
one is maher hajjar , an entrepreneur and member of parliament .
he keeps out of the limelight and has not been heard from much .
hajjar 's election posters declare that " syria is with palestine , " which seems like a very narrow slogan .
other than that it is unclear what he would change should he win .
the more intriguing candidate is hassan nouri , a former economics professor and cabinet minister who told me he had to resign because he was too critical of assad 's government .
nouri studied at the university of wisconsin and still refers to himself as a badger .
his main message is economic .
he is for market liberalization and fighting corruption in government and in the private sector .
but when it comes to fighting syria 's civil war , nouri says he would n't do anything differently -- and much like assad , he refers to the regime 's three-year assault on the opposition as " fighting terrorism . "
san juan , puerto rico ( cnn ) -- the father of a 7-year-old girl abducted and killed near her north georgia home this month said sunday he is " relieved " to have his daughter back in puerto rico , where she will be buried this week .
a funeral for jorelys rivera will be held monday in penuelas , her father , ricardo galarza , said .
the burial will take place tuesday , he said .
galarza told cnn last week that he last saw his daughter two years ago , when she visited for the summer .
she was supposed to visit for christmas this year , galarza said .
searchers found her body in a trash bin three days later .
authorities have accused 20-year-old ryan brunn -- a maintenance worker at the complex -- of killing her .
jorelys died of blunt force trauma to the head and was stabbed and sexually assaulted , according to authorities .
david cannon sr. , one of brunn 's court-appointed attorneys , has said that his client will plead not guilty .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- the story of a king overcoming a speech impediment to lead his people through world war ii took top honors at the 83rd annual academy awards .
" the king 's speech " won the best picture , best actor , best director and best original screenplay oscars at hollywood 's kodak theatre sunday night .
the saga of how a college student created facebook , which is now credited helping citizens overthrow their leader in the mideast , lost out on the big awards , but " the social network " did win oscars for best musical score , film editing and best adapted screenplay .
natalie portman , who played a ballet dancer in " black swan , " was given the best actress academy award .
portman also won golden globe and sag best actor trophies in recent weeks .
when " king 's speech " director tom hooper accepted the best director oscar , he noted that it was his mother who found the script for him .
" the moral of this story is listen to your mother , " hooper said .
" king 's speech " writer david seidler pointed out that at 73 , he was the oldest person to ever win best original screenplay .
" my father always said to me i would be a late bloomer , " seidler said , noting that at 73 he is the oldest winner ever in the category .
colin firth , who portrayed the stuttering king george vi in " the king 's speech , " completed his sweep of best actor honors with the oscar win .
" i have a feeling my career has just peaked , " said firth , who also won a golden globe and the sag award .
but once you know the story behind them , you understand completely .
usually stretches of highways around the country are named for politicians , or for renowned figures from american history , or perhaps for singing stars or athletes or hollywood actors who were born in the area .
last week i got in touch with the ohio department of transportation to ask about them .
the answer makes you want to pause humbly .
on august 31 , 2009 , marine lance cpl. david r. hall , of elyria , ohio , was killed in an explosion while serving in garmsir , afghanistan .
in most cases of fallen service members , there is a solemn funeral ceremony when their remains are returned home , and a respectful obituary in the local newspaper .
but in ohio , in recent years , there has been an effort to do more .
which is why the ohio general assembly authorized that a stretch of state route 2 in lorain county -- david hall 's home county -- be named , now and forever , to honor him .
" after the general assembly votes to name a portion of a highway , we manufacture the signs and put them up at the designated places , " said steve faulkner , a spokesman for the ohio department of transportation .
he said that two signs are usually erected , each facing a different direction , so that people in cars on either side of the highway will see the honoree 's name .
washington ( cnn ) -- while jeb bush is still publicly noncommittal about a possible presidential bid , his family is far less circumspect .
the bigger question , of course , is whether jeb bush got the go-ahead -- from himself .
while george p. told abc that " i think it 's more than likely that he 's giving this a serious thought in moving forward , " it 's still unclear whether his father is actually willing to dive into a presidential bid .
one source with knowledge of jeb bush 's thinking tells cnn " wanting to do this and doing it are two different things . "
in fact this source adds , " he has n't made a decision yet despite reports to the contrary .
he appreciates the warm wishes and support , but he is a methodical guy and wo n't change his timeline . "
that timeline anticipates jeb bush making a decision by the end of the year .
while some donors may be waiting to see what bush does before they commit to a candidate , the source says bush himself has not asked for them to stay on the sidelines .
there is no organized outreach sanctioned by him . "
several donors told cnn that that in private sessions , bush has not given any more indication than he has publicly about his intentions .
one of the donors said " he is behaving as if he is looking at it seriously , " but his reluctance to talk about it is " wearing thin . "
( cnn ) -- thus far , nbc 's late-night transition has been like butter .
jay leno hosted his final episode of " the tonight show " on february 6 with massive celebrity support and even bigger ratings , and jimmy fallon took over on february 17 with the same level of excitement .
but there 's still one more piece of the peacock 's puzzle left to be added : seth meyers .
at 12:35 a.m. , the 40-year-old " saturday night live " star will step behind the desk of " late night " and occupy a chair once filled by david letterman , conan o'brien and , directly before him , his pal and fellow " saturday night live " alum fallon .
with that kind of history , it goes without saying that there 's pressure on meyers not to screw up .
yet instead of marching in and tearing down " late night 's " past , meyers is planning to keep tradition intact while playing to his strengths .
after 12 years on " snl , " nine of which he served as head writer , meyers is by all accounts more of a cerebral comedian than a performer .
his colleagues give him credit for being the guy who 'd rather set up the joke than steal the thunder , and some of his best work does n't even include his face .
( cnn ) -- defending english premier league champions manchester city had to come from behind twice to snatch a 2-2 draw at improved liverpool sunday .
liverpool stumbled to a 3-0 defeat at west bromwich albion on the opening day of the season , but could count themselves unfortunate not to claim three points at anfield .
martin skrtel headed them ahead from a steven gerrard corner after 34 minutes , but the visitors drew level after yaya toure capitalized on hesitancy just after the hour mark .
liverpool responded almost immediately as a long-range free kick from luis suarez eluded city goalkeeper joe hart to put them 2-1 ahead .
man utd and pacesetting chelsea win but they could not hold their lead and in the 80th minute skrtel was the villain as his back pass fell short of pepe reina and carlos tevez swooped to round the home goalkeeper and equalize .
both sides had chances to claim three points in a frantic finish with substitute andy carroll 's header cleared off the line by city 's new signing jack rodwell .
joe allen , one of new manager brendan rogers ' summer acquisitions , had a fine game on his anfield debut .
" here at anfield the atmosphere was fantastic , as i expected .
i 'm looking forward to playing here this season .
" the style of brendan 's play is a big , positive factor for everyone , and the players are looking forward to playing under brendan rodgers , " he told sky sports .
arsenal drew blank for the second straight epl fixture after being held to a 0-0 draw at stoke in the earlier kickoff sunday .
kristin davis , 38 , was arrested on monday night and charged with selling adderall , xanax and other drugs .
she 's also accused of orchestrating the sale of approximately 180 oxycodone pills for cash .
the candidate was released tuesday on $ 100,000 bail , with a preliminary hearing scheduled for september 5 .
prosecutors said she will have strict pretrial supervision .
" prescription drug abuse is the fastest-growing drug problem in this country , resulting in more overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined , and this office has a zero tolerance policy towards anyone who helps to spread this plague at any level , " preet bharara , manhattan u.s. attorney , said in a statement .
she faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count , if convicted .
prosecutors allege that from 2009 through 2011 davis bought ecstasy pills , adderall pills and xanax pills from an fbi cooperating witness at least once a month , paying hundreds of dollars for each purchase .
she told the witness she provided these drugs to people at house parties , authorities say .
an attorney for davis was could not be immediately reached for comment .
davis ' campaign manager , andrew miller , said he was aware of the arrest but could n't provide any information .
" the first day i walked in , in 1958 , i was 17 years old , " said victor gorelick .
" i took a job as a fill-in art assistant . "
he never went on to college .
his explanation for staying is so basic he can express it in a single sentence : " i decided to stick with archie . "
and , most of all , riverdale , u.s.a.
it does n't exist , of course , which is probably what makes the town so perfect .
archie andrews first appeared in a comic book in 1941 , and that idealized town in which he and his friends have always lived has never been identified by state .
some readers assume it is in the midwest , but gorelick -- the longest-serving employee of archie comics , and now its editor-in-chief -- will go no further than to say that " it 's in a place that has four seasons . "
the summer , autumn , winter and spring in the pages of the comic books have never been the same seasons that gorelick has observed outside the windows of the archie offices in westchester county , new york : " we have a four-month lead time .
so the season an artist is drawing on a given day is not the same season we 're living in actual life . "
( cnn ) -- barack obama has talked of ripping out the white house bowling alley and replacing it with a basketball court .
the former reserve player for punahou high school 's 1979 state championship team brings an enthusiasm for pickup basketball games to a place where golf , baseball and football have been the most-discussed sports .
reggie miller says he 'd pick barack obama for his squad because he likes the president-elect 's team approach .
" i would love to be the first to go there and play , " said miller , whose record-breaking 2,560 three-pointers with the indiana pacers electrified basketball fans .
today miller , 43 , is an nba analyst for tnt , which is owned by turner broadcasting , parent company of cnn .
miller and others have said obama 's playing style yields clues to the type of president he will be .
ireport.com : what would you like to ask obama ?
cnn : do you know barack obama ?
i respect how much of a family man he is .
miller : it seems like he has a regular pickup game , which i like because as a ballplayer , you like to do the same routine .
... he plays with the same guys , he likes to get a good sweat in .
... when you get a good workout in , you feel good for the rest of the day .
it helps clear the mind .
washington ( cnn ) -- sen. john cornyn , welcome to the club .
the two-term texas lawmaker is now the seventh republican senator up for re-election next year to face a primary challenge from his right .
since the birth of the tea party movement in 2009 , primary challenges from the right have made major headlines , and have hurt the gop 's efforts in the last two elections in their attempts win back control of the senate from the democrats .
" republicans effectively gave away five senate seats the last two cycles because of candidates who were n't capable of winning in november , " said brian walsh , who served as communications director for the national republican senatorial committee , which provides support , advice and funding to republican candidates , during the 2010 and 2012 cycles .
dems defending 21 seats with democrats holding a 55-45 majority in the senate but defending 21 of the 35 senate seats up for grabs in the 2014 midterms , the gop has another opportunity to try and retake the chamber .
but walsh said that he does n't see a repeat of what occurred in recent years even though a majority of republican senators running for re-election are facing primary challenges .
but republicans have a tremendous opportunity to win back control of the senate next year and it 's a critical reminder to republican primary voters that candidate quality matters , " he told cnn .
abidjan , ivory coast ( cnn ) -- three top allies of ivory coast 's former president , laurent gbagbo , have been arrested in less than a week , raising political tension in the west african nation , where the nation 's army has been hit by weeks of attacks .
laurent akoun , general secretary of the front populaire ivoirien , ivory coast 's former ruling party , was arrested on sunday in adzope , 100 kilometers east of abidjan , the nation 's economic capital and most populous city , party officials said .
akoun was arrested for having defamed president alassane ouattara during a recent meeting with some of the party 's members and supporters in an abidjan cafe , said sylvain miaka oureto , the party 's leader .
akoun , the current deputy chief of the party , was heading to a party rally when the nation 's gendarmerie -- a paramilitary force -- arrested him and transferred him to abidjan , said augustin guehoun , the head of communication for the party .
his arrest follows that of two former gbagbo cabinet ministers , one of them in ghana , where he had sought refuge .
at least seven attacks have been carried out since august 5 by unidentified gunmen against the forces republicaines de cã ´ te d'ivoire , ivory coast 's national army .
at least 17 people were killed in the attacks , including 10 ivorian soldiers .
fazul abdullah mohammed , a suspected terrorist , is shown in photos released by the fbi .
fazul abdullah mohammed , indicted in the united states for alleged involvement in the 1998 bombings of u.s. embassies in kenya and tanzania , managed to evade police in a raid saturday morning in malindi , along kenya 's coast , said police spokesman eric kiraithe .
the united states calls mohammed a senior al qaeda operative in east africa .
u.s. officials accuse him of being an architect of the embassy bombings that killed 225 people .
they also believe mohammed was involved in attacks on an israeli-owned hotel and airliner in kenya in 2002 .
he said police know mohammed had , in fact , been at the location they raided , because they found two passports under names mohammed has used .
kiraithe did not say what countries the passports were from .
a massive manhunt is under way for mohammed in malindi and surrounding areas , " more intensive than ever before because we would n't want to miss him now , " kiraithe said .
the u.s. offers a reward of up to $ 5 million for information leading to his apprehension or conviction .
in 2003 , kenyan police said he escaped authorities .
( cnn ) jordan executed two al qaeda prisoners before dawn wednesday , following through on a promised strong response to the isis killing of pilot moath al-kasasbeh , a government spokesman said .
put to death were sajida al-rishawi , the iraqi would-be suicide bomber whose release isis had previously requested , and ziad karbouli , a former top aide to the deceased leader of al qaeda in iraq , abu musab al-zarqawi , the spokesman said .
al-rishawi was executed for her role in a 2005 suicide bombing at a wedding reception in jordan that killed dozens .
karbouli was sentenced to death in 2007 after he was convicted of acts of terrorism that killed one person , the plotting of more terrorist attacks and the possession of explosives , the jordanian spokesman said .
the executions come a day after video and stills appeared to show a jordanian military pilot being burned alive while confined in a cage .
cnn is not showing images of the killing , which triggered global condemnation and prompted immediate promises of retaliation and protests in jordan , one of more than 60 nations involved in the u.s.-led coalition against isis in iraq and syria .
the 22-minute video begins with an attack on jordan 's king abdullah ii , suggesting he is to blame for what happened to the pilot , moath al-kasasbeh .
his statement indicates the back-and-forth in recent weeks between jordan and isis about a possible prisoner exchange to free the pilot took place after his death .
jordan repeatedly had asked isis to show proof that al-kasasbeh was alive .
( cnn ) congo looks set for the quarterfinals after securing its first victory at the finals of the africa cup of nations for 41 years with an upset 1-0 win over favored gabon wednesday .
gabon , who topped group a after an opening victory over burkina faso , fell victim to a prince oniangue goal early in the second half and wayward finishing .
gabon should have leveled midway through the half when frederic bulot sent a shot wide with the goal at his mercy .
bulot 's first time volley early in the match had nearly put gabon into an early lead but it was turned over the crossbar by christoffer mafoumbi in the congo goal .
mafoumbi also made a fine save from gabon 's star player pierre-emerick aubameyang after a free kick , but after the break congo came more into the game and deserved its victory to move onto four points after two games .
earlier , 2013 runner-up burkina faso and host equatorial guinea played to a goalless draw , leaving both sides looking for victories in the final round of group matches to advance further in the 16-team competition .
burkina faso is left with just one point from two games and seemingly out of luck after alain traore twice saw first half efforts strike the woodwork .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- an earthquake in pakistan , powerful enough to prompt the appearance of a small island off the coast , has killed more than 200 people , pakistani officials said .
the 7.7-magnitude quake struck in a remote area of southwestern pakistan on tuesday , but it had severe consequences .
at least 208 people were killed in the district of awaran and the city of turbut in balochistan province , asad gilani , the provincial home secretary , said wednesday .
the quake was strong enough to cause a mass 20 to 30 feet high to emerge from the arabian sea like a small mountain island off the coast of gwadar , local police official mozzam jah said .
a large number of people gathered to view the newly formed island , he said .
large quakes can cause significant deformation to the earth 's crust , particularly visible along coastlines .
the island is about 100 feet in diameter and about one mile off the coast , geo tv reported .
zahid rafi , principal seismologist for the national seismic monitoring center , confirmed the island had formed .
but john bellini , a geophysicist with the u.s. geological survey , said that generally it would be unlikely for such a large island to emerge from a quake like tuesday 's .
many things , such as the tide , could come into play regarding the rise of the island , he said .
new york ( cnn ) -- rapper lil wayne will go directly to jail after he is sentenced by a manhattan judge tuesday afternoon for a gun conviction , according to a person familiar with the case .
dwayne carter , as he is known legally , pleaded guilty to felony gun charges in a deal with prosecutors october 2009 .
he is expected to get a one-year prison sentence .
his sentencing was delayed three weeks so he could get some dental work done , including removal of his diamond-studded braces .
the plea agreement was a result of the rapper 's 2007 arrest outside new york 's beacon theater .
in an unrelated case , wayne also faces felony drug possession and weapons charges in the state of arizona .
his hits include " the block is hot " and " lollipop , " and his album " tha carter iii " was the top-selling disc of 2008 .
his latest album , " rebirth , " was released last month .
cnn 's jennifer rizzo contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- an " america 's got talent " contestant 's emotional story of getting hit by a grenade in afghanistan is not backed up by military records .
and now , questions surround whether he embellished his heroic tale .
he said that the stutter was caused by the grenade attack and that he did n't really know he could sing until his speech pathologist told him to try singing in the shower .
after receiving an emphatic " yes " from each judge , advancing him to the contest 's next round , poe walked offstage and told host nick cannon , " oh my god , it 's amazing .
i was so scared up there i c-couldn ' t remember where to put my fingers .
i was like , oh i did n't know . "
in an interview tuesday with the " you served " podcast , poe said he does not stutter always , " just when i get stressed or nervous or something big happens . "
in 2009 in afghanistan , he said , he was struck by rocket-propelled grenade .
the attack " broke my back and gave me a brain injury , so that 's the reason why i stutter a little bit , " he said .
( cnn ) -- for years , allan munroe refused to leave his wife 's side .
norma , his bride of more than six decades , was battling stage four lung cancer .
he kept his tv tuned to his favorite team 's games to keep his mind off losing the woman he describes as the " better part of himself . "
angela mckinnon said that after her grandmother 's death she knew she had to get her grandfather to fenway one last time , if only because of his age and health .
next weekend , munroe will travel 1,000 miles to see his favorite team play in person for the first time in 50 years .
his dream is coming true thanks to the generosity of strangers and a crowd-funding page his granddaughter set up .
mckinnon decided to start a gofundme page called " shipgpauptoboston " ( named for the dropkick murphy 's song " i 'm shipping up to boston , " a boston sports team anthem . )
" now is the time for my grandfather 's wish to come true , because no one is guaranteed tomorrow , " she wrote on the website .
munroe has had a number of medical setbacks in the past few years , including recently breaking his hip and being in the early stages of dementia .
the family had no money to get munroe from his home in florida to fenway .
mckinnon asked for help , but the donations came in slowly .
she then started tweeting her grandfather 's story to everyone she could .
( ew.com ) -- since everything about les misérables is fortissimo  including but not limited to its unabashed pursuit of awards that are shiny or globular or both  you have perhaps already heard a little about the movie now storming the bastille of your wallet .
you may already know that to make his movie adaptation of the internationally popular theatrical musical conjured from the 19th-century political novel by victor hugo , director tom hooper ( the king 's speech ) bade his actors sing live during filming .
you probably already know that anne hathaway , as the wretched single mother-turned-prostitute fantine , is reputedly a formidable oscar favorite for her sobbing and warbling and haircutting-in-real-time .
you 've learned , from posters and trailers , that hugh jackman , as former convict jean valjean , looks impressively stricken and that russell crowe , as implacable police inspector javert , looks disconcertingly dyspeptic .
what 's left to learn is this : les misérables provides compelling reasons for crowe to be peeved , beginning with the humiliation of having to sing broadway-style , when it clearly is so not his thing , and ending with the cap'n crunch wardrobe into which the gentleman is packed .
( o , for crowe 's costumed glory days in master and commander : the far side of the world ! )
( long story . )
hathaway looks happy enough channeling liza minnelli for her tremulous rendition of the susan boyle-appropriated anthem '' i dreamed a dream , '' but that 's no doubt because she knows that soon after the song , she 's pretty much done for the night .
new york ( cnn ) a suburban new york cardiologist has been charged in connection with a failed scheme to have another physician hurt or killed , according to prosecutors .
dr. anthony moschetto , 54 , pleaded not guilty wednesday to criminal solicitation , conspiracy , burglary , arson , criminal prescription sale and weapons charges in connection to what prosecutors called a plot to take out a rival doctor on long island .
he was released after posting $ 2 million bond and surrendering his passport .
two other men -- identified as james chmela , 43 , and james kalamaras , 41 -- were named as accomplices , according to prosecutors .
they pleaded not guilty in nassau county district court , according to authorities .
both were released on bail .
requests for comment from attorneys representing moschetto and chmela were not returned .
it 's unclear whether kalamaras has retained an attorney .
moschetto 's attorney , randy zelin , said wednesday that his client " will be defending himself vigorously , " the new york post reported .
" doctors are supposed to ensure the health and wellbeing of people , but dr. moschetto is alleged to have replaced that responsibility with brazen , callous and criminal acts , " acting nassau district attorney madeline singas said in a statement .
police officers allegedly discovered approximately 100 weapons at moschetto 's home , including hand grenades , high-capacity magazines and knives .
many of the weapons were found in a hidden room behind a switch-activated bookshelf , according to prosecutors .
the investigation began back in december , when undercover officers began buying heroin and oxycodone pills from moschetto in what was initially a routine investigation into the sale of prescription drugs , officials said .
washington ( cnn ) -- so just why is 1999 suddenly such a flashpoint in campaign 2012 ?
team obama says 1999 is the birth year of " the big bain lie " and goes on to suggest that mitt romney might have committed a felony .
that provoked a rare statement from romney campaign manager matt rhoades , who called on president barack obama to apologize for " the out of control behavior of his staff , which demeans the office that he holds . "
pointed rhetoric aside , just what is the 1999 debate about and why is it potentially significant in the obama versus romney race ?
fortune : documents -- romney did n't manage bain funds at issue is whether romney , the former governor of massachusetts , is telling the truth when he says he had no role in investment and operations decisions at bain capital once he left in february 1999 to take over the salt lake city olympic games .
talking points memo this week questioned romney 's claim by citing securities and exchange commission filings listing romney as bain 's top officer after 1999 .
" either mitt romney , through his own words and his own signature , was misrepresenting his position at bain to the sec , which is a felony , or he was misrepresenting his position at bain to the american people to avoid responsibility for some of the consequences of his investments , " stephanie cutter , deputy obama campaign manager , said on a campaign conference call .
remember that last part of cutter 's statement -- about responsibility for " his " investments .
( cnn ) -- a family is grieving and a michigan community is in shock after a 9-year-old boy was stabbed to death at a playground in his neighborhood this week .
the shock felt in kentwood , just outside of grand rapids , is as much over the sudden and senseless loss of michael conner verkerke as it is over the circumstances of his death : the person accused of stabbing him was a 12-year-old he had just met at the playground .
police say the attacker is 12-year-old jamarion lawhorn .
a motive , if there is one , is unknown at this point , as the boys were not acquainted , according to kent county prosecutor chris becker .
charles boekeloo , lawhorn 's court-appointed attorney , said he met his client for the first time at his arraignment tuesday but had no further comment .
boekeloo entered a not guilty plea on the youth 's behalf .
police said that after he was stabbed , conner managed to run back home before he collapsed on the porch .
an ambulance rushed him to a hospital , where he died monday night .
lawhorn , meanwhile , " left the playground then went to a nearby residence where he asked to use the phone , " kentwood chief of police thomas hillen said .
the day after michael brown was killed by a police officer , syreeta myers drove from her south city home to the northwest suburb of ferguson .
she wanted to stand by his parents .
two months later , brown 's father was calling her .
this time , it was myers who was receiving support .
he was a young black man killed by a white police officer .
" my issue is with crooked cops who wo n't hesitate to kill a black man , " syreeta myers tells me on this dreary sunday afternoon .
brown was unarmed , and the grand jury investigating his killing is expected to make a decision any day now on whether to indict officer darren wilson .
myers hopes her son 's case will also be investigated to sort out opposing sides of the story .
what would you want ? "
" base your decision on the facts . "
and myers ' case is far more complicated .
at issue is whether or not a teenager who had a history with guns tried to shoot a police officer .
police say that the october 8 confrontation in the city 's shaw neighborhood began when myers and two others ran from an off-duty police officer working for a private security firm .
police have not released the officer 's name , but jermaine wooten , an attorney for the myers family , identified him .
wooten says the name was included in an evidence sheet inadvertently left with vonderrit myers ' body when it was brought to the funeral home .
( cnn ) -- last saturday , sarah palin stood before the huge crowd at the 2014 national rifle association annual meeting and condemned liberals for coddling terrorists .
she loaded her speech with religious metaphors , claiming that true leaders would put " the fear of god in our enemies . "
she said , " they obviously have information on plots to carry out jihad .
oh , but you ca n't offend them , ca n't make them feel uncomfortable , not even a smidgen .
well , if i were in charge , they would know that waterboarding is how we baptize terrorists . "
palin 's invocation of forced baptism shocked both conservatives and liberals , inspiring few defenders .
christian commentators , in particular , focused on her link between torture and baptism .
on wednesday , the national religious campaign against torture released a powerful condemnation of the speech .
to palin , the organization 's executive director wrote , " your statements play into a false narrative conveying that somehow , the conflict between the united states and the terrorist cells is a conflict between christianity and islam , or islam and ' the west . ' "
the group 's letter to the nra , signed by 17 faith leaders from many different religions and denominations , reads , " for christians , baptism is a profoundly holy act .
equating baptism to an act of torture like waterboarding is sacrilegious -- and particularly surprising coming from a person who prides herself on her christian faith . "
palin 's public rhetoric relies on crafting existential binaries between " us " and " them , " creating a kind of sacred empowered victimhood among her listeners .
she draws from the language of militant christianity to claim the status of both persecutor and persecuted .
this is not an accident , and i do not believe she will repudiate her remarks .
officer stephen stem was dismissed from the hearne police department on saturday after the city council voted 6-0 to take disciplinary action against him , said jessica vega , hearne police department communications supervisor .
stem was advised by his attorney not to attend the council meeting , according to cnn affiliate kbtx .
in the meantime , texas rangers continue the investigation into why pearlie golden , a longtime resident in this small town of about 4,600 people , was shot multiple times at her home tuesday .
a man believed to be a relative of golden 's made a 911 call asking for help from police , robertson county district attorney coty siegert said .
" what i understand is ( hearne police ) were called out because a woman was brandishing a firearm , " siegert said .
" an officer asked her to put the handgun down , and when she would not , shots were fired . "
stem fired three times , and golden was hit at least twice , he said .
she was transported to a local hospital , where she died .
the hearne police department placed stem on administrative leave pending the inquiry .
" we 're very saddened by this .
everybody in the city government is deeply disappointed that this lady was killed , " russ said .
" now , the investigation is out of our hands .
" in the beginning , the album was a lot heavier and a lot darker , because i had to get that out .
their son , luca , was born in 2012 .
duff and comrie announced their separation in january .
duff , 26 , admits that she 's " nervous " after being away from music for seven years .
her just-released single , " chasing the sun , " is from her still-untitled album , which will be her first studio release since 2007 's " dignity . "
she says she first started thinking of new material when she was pregnant with her son .
after having the child and taking another year , she was even more anxious .
" i felt like i was missing a big part of myself , " she said .
duff established a successful singing career on the heels of her popular disney show , " lizzie mcguire , " which aired from 2001 to 2004 .
she spent most of her teenage years touring and says that turning 20 was a big factor in leaving the road .
( cnn ) -- a war crimes tribunal for rwanda sentenced the african nation 's former army chief to 30 years in prison tuesday for his part in the 1994 genocide that killed 800,000 people .
the international criminal tribunal for rwanda ( ictr ) found augustin bizimungu guilty on six counts of genocide , crimes against humanity for murder , extermination and rape and violations of the geneva conventions .
during the genocide , soldiers and police under bizimungu 's command directed the extermination of tens of thousands of tutsi civilians who had taken refuge in churches , hospitals and schools , according to human rights watch .
soldiers and police also ordered civilian officials and ordinary citizens to join in hunting down and killing the tutsi and punished them if they failed to do so , the human rights monitoring group said .
bizimungu fled to angola , where he was arrested in 2002 and transferred to the tribunal .
in 2004 , he was charged with directly ordering brutal acts against tutsis and failing to halt the acts of his subordinates .
he denied the charges .
the tribunal also convicted two other senior officers -- françois-xavier nzuwonemeye and innocent sagahutu -- who each got 20 years in prison .
the rwandan genocide was triggered by the april 6 , 1994 , shooting down of a plane carrying the nation 's hutu president .
ethnic violence erupted and tutsis were killed systematically by hutus .
the united nations estimates that some 200,000 people participated in the perpetration of the rwandan genocide .
in all , 800,000 tutsi men , women , and children -- as well as moderate hutus -- perished .
( cnn ) -- at one point in jared hutchins ' young life , the beatles were a big problem .
the rallies , which draw mostly teens , are one part concert , one part christian revival .
he said the group 's world view " had a negative effect on me , " and made him irritable and angry .
" god owns my life , not the beatles , " he said simply .
although hutchins said he enjoys a wide range of music -- from pink floyd and arcade fire to christian bands such as hillsong united -- he said he has to be careful of what music he listens to , for the same reason he temporarily turned off the beatles .
hutchins , a 16-year-old graced with poise and thoughtfulness , is one of many teenagers who say that some part of popular culture , with its ubiquitous references to sex , drugs and violence , has harmed him .
last year , hutchins and his christian youth group attended an acquire the fire rally in atlanta , georgia , he said .
acquire the fire -- regional rallies held across the country -- and battlecry -- the larger rallies held this year in only three cities -- are the products of the evangelical christian organization teen mania .
go behind-the-scenes with cnn 's christiane amanpour at a battlecry event » one part concert , one part christian revival , the rallies seek to " stage a reverse revolution " against secular popular culture .
the audiences are nearly always predominantly teenagers and young adults .
( cnn ) -- mohammad idrissou put cameroon on course for a spot in the african nations cup quarterfinals with a late winner in a topsy-turvy 3-2 group d victory over zambia .
a terrible mistake from zambia keeper kennedy mweene allowed geremi to equalise and samuel eto'o gave cameroon the lead in the 72nd minute .
christopher katongo thought he had earned a point with an 82nd-minute penalty but idrissou had the last word for cameroon just four minutes later .
but it got worse for the four-time champions in only the eighth minute , and it was experienced center-back rigobert song who was the architect of his own side 's downfall .
felix katongo swung in a great cross from the left and , in attempting to head behind , song instead drew a point-blank save from his keeper .
carlos kameni , though , could only push the ball out to mulenga , who was left with a simple tap-in .
zambia should have doubled their lead before half-time .
rainford kalaba 's fierce free-kick was pushed back into the danger area by kameni but christopher katongo could not direct his shot away from the keeper .
and that was made to look very costly in the 68th minute when a calamitous mistake from mweene saw cameroon draw level .
sid caesar , whose clever , anarchic comedy on such programs as " your show of shows " and " caesar 's hour " helped define the 1950s " golden age of television , " has died .
he was 91 .
a friend of the family , actor rudy de luca , did not know the exact cause of death , but said caesar had respiratory problems and other health problems for several years .
caesar became famous for " your show of shows , " which went on the air in 1950 .
it lasted four years and was followed by " caesar 's hour , " which combined sketches , musical revues and situation comedy .
both shows featured writers who became famous in their own right , including neil simon , carl reiner , mel brooks , mel tolkin , lucille kallen and larry gelbart .
brooks visited caesar last night to say goodbye , de luca told cnn .
" sid caesar was a giant-maybe the best comedian who ever practiced the trade & i was privileged to be one of his writers & one of his friends , " brooks tweeted wednesday .
share your memories of caesar caesar also appeared in a number of films , including " it 's a mad , mad , mad , mad world " ( 1963 ) , " airport 1975 " ( 1974 ) and " grease " ( 1978 ) .
he received a tony nomination for his performance in the 1962 show " little me , " with a book by simon .
caesar , born isaac sidney caesar in 1922 , was part of a pioneering group of personalities who helped establish television in its early days .
however , while comedians such as jack benny and fred allen more or less transferred their radio shows to the new medium and milton berle 's " texaco star theater " was essentially vaudeville on the small screen , caesar 's " show of shows " presented movie parodies , wordless pantomimes and brisk routines between the host and co-star imogene coca .
( cnn ) the 2016 presidential race is n't an abstract parlor game anymore .
but bush 's decision to make a move now -- 13 months ahead of the iowa caucus -- speaks to the complicated political decisions facing potential 2016 gop candidates .
they can maintain the coy stance of insisting they have n't made a decision on running , wait out the calendar and hopefully avoid a long , bruising primary like the one that left mitt romney damaged in 2012 .
or they can start the work now to capture the staff and donors that can take on the clinton machine .
bush chose option b.
after all , many gop donors and operatives , who have serious doubts about much of the field but remain uneasy about the prospect of a bruising primary , have been waiting for a clear signal from either bush or romney , who is being pressured by many of his longtime supporters to make a third presidential run .
washington ( cnn ) -- when paul ryan struggled to explain a budget-balancing timeline under mitt romney , he highlighted the difficulty of trying to run a substantive campaign without being too specific .
while ryan 's interview tuesday with fox news ' brit hume was no sarah palin-katie couric moment , the republican vice presidential candidate 's discomfort in answering when romney 's proposal would balance the budget was evident .
ryan , a seven-term congressman from wisconsin and chairman of the house budget committee , said he was unsure when romney 's proposals would balance the federal budget .
romney 's plans say he would " put the federal government on a course toward a balanced budget " but does not say when .
mitt romney 's 5-point plan for the economy hume repeatedly pressed ryan on the question of " when " romney 's budget would balance .
hume : " the budget plan you 're now supporting would get to balance when ? "
that means get the size of government back to where it historically has been .
what president obama has done is he brought the size of government to as high as it has n't been since world war ii .
hume : " i get that .
what about balance ? "
ryan : " i do n't know exactly what the balance is .
i do n't want to get wonky on you , but we have n't run the numbers on that specific plan .
the plan we offer in the house balances the budget .
i 'd put a contrast .
the united states senate , they have n't even balanced , they have n't passed a budget in three years . "
baghdad ( cnn ) -- u.s. defense secretary robert gates told reporters in baghdad that his current visit to iraq will probably be his last .
he has previously announced that he intends to retire sometime this year .
gates made the comment while speaking to reporters at the u.s. division-center headquarters , where he addressed about 200 soldiers from kansas and hawaii .
he called it " the high point of my trip . "
gates also addressed the possible u.s. government shutdown .
he explained that , even if troops did n't get a paycheck due to a government shutdown , they would be paid back .
differences between u.s. democrats and republicans have kept them from reaching agreement on a budget for this year .
if there is no deal by midnight friday , when the current spending authorization measure expires , parts of the government will close down .
earlier thursday , gates met with the commanding general of u.s. forces in iraq , general lloyd austin , and with the u.s. ambassador to iraq , james jeffrey , at al faw palace in baghdad .
later , gates will meet with massoud barzani , president of the kurdish regional government , said a senior defense official who agreed to talk on background gates message to iraq 's leadership will be " that it is important for them to complete the government-formation process , particularly to get the security ministries dealt with , " a senior defense official said .
( cnn ) -- alexis murphy was last seen at a gas station earlier this month , and though police have arrested a suspect in her abduction , his attorney tells a cnn affiliate his client split ways with the 17-year-old after a drug deal .
randy taylor , 48 , was seen on the video and was arrested in her abduction sunday , police told cnn affiliate wrc-tv , but taylor 's attorney , michael hallahan , told wvir that taylor was arrested because they found one of alexis ' hairs in his camper .
taylor saw the girl the night she disappeared , the lawyer said .
they were both parked at the gas pumps , and alexis made a reference to smoking marijuana , hallahan said .
" she said , ' i know a guy . '
she told him to meet at another location in lovingston and they rode up there in both cars , " the lawyer told the station .
the men smoked and drank together , but murphy did not , the attorney said .
( cnn ) -- iran wo n't be attending this week 's international peace conference on syria because it wo n't embrace the framework laid out in a previous conference , u.n. and iranian officials said monday .
the last-minute invitation to iran , a leading syrian ally , had threatened to derail the talks after the leading syrian opposition group and the united states spoke out against it .
louay safi , a spokesman for the syrian national coalition , called iran 's attendance " a deal-breaker . "
iran announced monday afternoon that it would not accept " any preconditions " for joining the talks , slated to begin wednesday in switzerland .
that includes acceptance of the communique issued at the first geneva conference in 2012 , said mohammad khazaee , tehran 's u.n. ambassador .
" if the participation of iran is conditioned to accept geneva i communique , iran will not participate in geneva ii conference , " khazaee said in a written statement monday afternoon .
foreign minister javad zarif had made a similar declaration on iranian state tv earlier monday .
the goal of the talks is to set up a transitional government to help end the violence that has wracked the country .
( cnn ) -- the year is 1969 and britain is at the peak of its counter-culture revolution -- a time of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
the beatles are putting together their final album while a relatively unknown musician , david bowie is making waves with his track " space oddity . "
meanwhile , in liverpool , a 15-year-old schoolgirl is headed for trouble .
though academically gifted , jude kelly is bored at school and overcome with a mix of teenage angst and a vivid imagination .
but one person has taken notice of her downward spiral -- her high school principal .
" the headmaster said to me , ' i do n't care if you do maths or biology or whatever , it does n't matter ... but make sure that you use your imagination for creative good rather than self-destruction ' , " recalls kelly .
fast forward several decades and she 's done just that .
today kelly , 59 , is the artistic director of britain 's beloved cultural institution -- london 's southbank centre .
looking back , it 's clear how defining that very moment was .
" as soon as he said it , i knew he was right -- i feel very strongly that young people deserve help , time , space and permission to be expressive . "
his advice spurred kelly to form a drama club with her fellow classmates including clive barker , the now bestselling british horror author , and comedian les dennis .
( cnn ) everybody on the planet knows that gene roddenberry created mr. spock , the laconic , imperturbable extra-terrestrial first officer for the starship enterprise .
but mr. spock does n't belong to roddenberry , even though he is the grand exalted progenitor of everything that was , is , and forever will be " star trek . "
zachary quinto , who plays spock in the re-booted feature film incarnation of " trek , " is excellent in the role .
( nimoy himself said so . )
quinto must know that however much he brings to the role , he will only be its custodian .
spock is nimoy .
nimoy is spock .
it is , as spock himself would intone , only logical .
nimoy often insisted otherwise , especially as the show went from canceled outcast to global phenomenon .
he even wrote a book with the title , " i am not spock " ( 1977 ) that was bought by millions of readers who did n't buy the title for a nanosecond .
by 1995 , he cried " uncle " by publishing a followup autobiography , " i am spock . "
in the years before and since , he carried his character 's legacy with the grace and class he exhibited in other areas of his life .
and the life of leonard nimoy , irrespective of spock , was a rich and varied feast .
those two " spock " books were n't the only things he 'd published .
one month before the winter olympics begin in the russian resort town of sochi -- and in the shadow of last month 's deadly bombings in volgograd -- a huge security operation has swung into gear .
a special exclusion zone went into force tuesday under which only sochi-marked vehicles , emergency or specially accredited intelligence service cars will be allowed into the wider sochi area .
air traffic and sea access will be restricted , and everyone going into the zone will have to go through heavy security and identity checks .
russia is pouring huge resources into ensuring that the games , seen as a flagship project of president vladimir putin , go off without incident .
two bombings in 24 hours last month in volgograd , one targeting the city 's main train station and the second a trolley bus , raised concerns of a potential threat to the sochi event .
no group has to date claimed responsibility for the attacks , but suspicion has fallen on chechen separatist groups .
a bitter battle for an independent chechnya , lasting almost two decades , spawned an insurgency that has spilled into neighboring republics in the north caucasus region , including dagestan .
chechen warlord doku umarov , leader of the islamist caucasus emirate group , last summer called on his followers to do what they can to disrupt the games .
despite the shockwaves of the volgograd attack , international olympic committee president thomas bach said he was confident that russia would keep the winter olympics safe .
hong kong , china ( cnn ) -- hong kong lawmakers resumed debate wednesday on a bill that may result in the region 's first statutory minimum wage .
the minimum wage bill is a controversial piece of legislation that lawmakers hope will protect the most vulnerable workers in hong kong , one of the few places in the world without any sort of minimum wage law .
the debate is set to take two to three days .
a recent government survey showed that around half a million workers in hong kong earn less than $ 4 an hour .
these include low-skilled workers from the catering , retail , and cleaning industries .
according to man hon poon , a policy researcher at the hong kong confederation of trade union , the lack of legal protection for workers has led to serious exploitation .
" workers in restaurants have to work for 12 hours or even 14 hours a day to earn a living , " he said .
" they can not even go to the cinema . "
legislator tommy cheung , however , claims that the government should not interfere with the free market economy , which he says has served hong kong well in the past .
a minimum wage could deter investors and lead to increased unemployment , said cheung , who represents the catering industry .
" there is one fear within the industry , that they would have to close down , " he said .
labor unions , however , have been lobbying for a minimum wage since 1998 , following the asian financial crisis .
he was 88 .
" joe went unexpectedly and passed away saturday night , " friend and former producer steve garrin said .
franklin was a fixture on late-night radio and tv in new york , working at wjz and wor , and recently at the bloomberg radio network .
" the last two weeks were the first time he ever missed a broadcast in over 60 years " garrin said .
though he never broke onto the national scene , franklin was " in many ways , the pioneer of the modern tv talk show format , " according to his website , which says he interviewed more than 300,000 guests .
the likes of woody allen , dustin hoffman , barbra streisand , bill cosby and liza minnelli got early exposure on his show .
he also interviewed offbeat characters who would give " the joe franklin show " a " great uniqueness .
on any given night you might find a world renown artist sitting next to a balloon folder from new jersey , " his website says .
he was remembered as a " nyc legend " and " radio and tv icon who was the spirit of a hard-working new yorker " by fans on twitter .
others said that his " accidental absurdism was like an ionesco play every night " and that " joe franklin was every new yorker 's oddball , congenial neighbor . "
people we 've lost in 2015 franklin , who was often parodied on " saturday night live " by billy crystal , also played himself in such films as " manhattan , " " ghostbusters " and " broadway danny rose . "
he was an avid collector of entertainment nostalgia .
his website says he had more than 50,000 movie stills , 170,000 magazines , 20,000 playbills and 200,000 pieces of sheet music .
photographs show a lot of his collection crammed into his office .
( cnn ) like so many other muslims during ramadan , mohammed abu khdeir woke up early to recharge , physically and spiritually .
his first order of business was to eat a big meal , to sustain him through the day until he could break the seasonal muslim fast at sunset .
the next was to head to a mosque in his middle-class palestinian neighborhood of shuafat in jerusalem for prayers .
three people in a car came upon the 16-year-old as abu khdeir walked between his home and mosque around 4 a.m. wednesday , then forced him inside , according to authorities and family members .
the palestinian state news agency wafa blamed the kidnapping and killing on " settlers , " saying abu khdeir 's body " was charred and bore signs of violence . "
israeli police spokesman micky rosenfeld told the jerusalem post the teen had significant burn marks .
his friend , hussam abed , described him as a kind youngster .
suha abu khdeir , the late teenager 's mother , noted that he would have graduated from high school next year .
all his friends love him . "
he was still a student , after all , albeit one on summer vacation at the time of his killing .
washington ( cnn ) -- six hip-hop artists from five countries speaking four languages are on stage , warming up for their show at the kennedy center for the performing arts .
international hip-hop artists warm up for their show at the kennedy center for the performing arts on tuesday .
" warming up " does n't really capture it ; the dancers explode across the stage , each one with a different hip-hop style .
michelle salazar is chic-grungy in black jeans and white t-shirt , her long black hair swirling around her head .
hassan el haf , from lebanon , tall and thin , does a kind of electric hip-hop mixed with salsa .
argentines mauricio trech and silvia fernandez move in a dramatic break dance .
both hail from argentina , home of the tango .
hien ngoc pham from vietnam , with a buzz cut and dressed in white jeans and a white t-shirt , has broadway bravado in his every move .
the dancing stops and samer samahneh begins rapping -- in arabic .
no translation needed ; it comes from his soul .
i was right next to him .
it 's a real immersion into the culture .
i do n't want to wake up ! "
( cnn ) -- michael jackson wanted to live forever .
and his words stopped me .
" let 's face it .
who wants mortality ?
everybody wants immortality , " he told me that warm september afternoon .
like michelangelo said , ' i know the creator will go but his work survives .
that 's why to escape death i attempt to bind my soul to my work . '
that 's how i feel .
'cause i want it to just live . "
most of us remember where we were when we heard that he was dead .
in fact , i got several calls and texts with the bulletin -- first from tmz and then from the los angeles times -- that he had died .
but it was n't until i heard cnn 's wolf blitzer announce it at 6:28 p.m. et that i finally believed it .
michael jackson was dead .
sure , i was shocked when i heard the news that the king of pop had left the world .
jackson , even as troubled as he was , had given his all to the world during his 50 years on the planet .
( cnn ) -- barcelona will meet arch-rival real madrid in the semifinal of the copa del rey after leo messi fired the catalans past malaga thursday .
the argentina international scored his 40th goal of the season as barca claimed a 4-2 win to prevail 6-4 on aggregate and set up two more ' el clasico ' games .
it will give barcelona , which is top of la liga , the opportunity to avenge its defeat by jose mourinho 's men in the 2010 final .
messi and ronaldo ensure honors shared in 222nd el clasico with real trailing barca by 15 points in the league , mourinho will be desperate to regain the trophy which pep guardiola lifted in his final game in charge at the camp nou last season .
but if the current spanish champions are to triumph , they will have to stop messi and his accomplices , who continue to prosper despite the absence of coach tito vilanova .
vilanova , who is undergoing treatment for cancer , left deputy jordi roura in charge , but it made little difference as barca continued its hot streak .
the statistics are frightening .
it is the fourth year in succession that messi has reached the 40-goal mark , while his late header also made it 23 goals in his past 15 starts .
messi leads barcelona to new record but malaga fought back and joaquin equalized four minutes later with a neat finish following wonderful interplay .
( cnn ) -- two amish girls , who were apparently abducted from a roadside farm stand in upstate new york , have been found and are safe , authorities said early friday .
an amber alert was issued late wednesday in oswegatchie for delila miller , 6 , and her sister , fannie , 12 .
they had been selling vegetables near their family farm , located about 50 miles southeast of the canadian border .
a witness told police the girls were tending to a customer who drove up in a white 4-door sedan and disappeared when the vehicle pulled away , according to the amber alert .
rhonda wells , senior dispatcher for st. lawrence county sheriff , told cnn early friday that the girls had been located and were safe .
she declined to provide further details , saying a press release will be issued later friday .
the amber alert has been canceled .
st. lawrence county sheriff kevin wells had said thursday at a news conference that multiple agencies were investigating leads called in by the public .
pictures of the girls were not available because members of the amish community forbid photos of themselves , which they see as a violation of their religious beliefs .
" i would n't say it 's hindering the investigation , it 's just that it would be helpful " to have photos , wells said .
" in the amish world , photos are n't going to be available . "
he said the amish community " is always cooperative with us and forthcoming , " police late thursday released a sketch of the older girl , fannie , to help in the search .
cnn 's dave alsup contributed to this report .
( cnn ) now comes the hard part for maria sharapova .
having reached the australian open final , she 'll have to overcome longtime nemesis serena williams .
to utter that sharapova is the underdog saturday is like saying roger federer is a decent player .
world no. 1 williams leads the second-ranked sharapova 16-2 in their rivalry -- but has won 15 matches in a row .
during that streak , she has conceded three sets to the russian .
if that 's not enough , williams has never lost a semifinal or final in melbourne , her record improving to 11-0 after topping fellow american madison keys 7-6 ( 5 ) 6-2 thursday in the semifinals .
sharapova , meanwhile , has failed to win a major outside roland garros in seven years .
but all the imposing statistics do n't appear to be fazing the ever steely sharapova , who last downed williams at the year-end championships in 2004 .
" i think my confidence should be pretty high going into a final of a grand slam no matter who i 'm facing , and whether i 've had a terrible record against someone , it does n't matter , " sharapova , a 6-3 6-2 winner over compatriot ekaterina makarova thursday , told reporters .
" i got there for a reason .
she was almost knocked out in the second round , needing to save a pair of match points against qualifier alexandra panova .
a high-profile murder case involving one of america 's most well-known political families took a dramatic turn wednesday when a judge ordered a new trial for michael skakel , the nephew of robert and ethel kennedy .
twenty-seven years after her death , he was convicted and sentenced to 20 years to life in prison .
for years , skakel fought unsuccessfully for his conviction to be overturned .
but a connecticut judge gave skakel , 53 , a chance for a fresh start wednesday , ruling that the defense during his 2002 trial had been inadequate .
state 's attorney john smriga said prosecutors plan to appeal , but are still reviewing the judge 's decision .
robert f. kennedy jr. , who has long maintained his cousin 's innocence , described the judge 's order as a " blessed event . "
" i think everybody who knows michael 's overjoyed with it , " kennedy told cnn 's " ac360 . "
martha moxley 's mother said the judge 's ruling does nothing to change her mind .
" there 's not a way they can erase what was said during the first trial .
... i have not given up and i do believe michael skakel killed my daughter , " dorthy moxley told cnn 's " piers morgan live . "
" if there is a new trial , i will be there . "
judge : defense ' constitutionally deficient ' in a lengthy opinion wednesday , connecticut appellate judge thomas bishop ruled that defense attorney michael " mickey " sherman 's representation of skakel was " constitutionally deficient . "
" the defense of a serious felony prosecution requires attention to detail , an energetic investigation and a coherent plan of defense ( capably ) executed , " bishop wrote in his decision .
( cnn ) -- the idaho man who slapped a crying 19-month-old boy on a delta flight in february was sentenced monday to eight months in prison , the man 's lawyer said .
joe rickey hundley pleaded guilty to assault in federal court in october .
hundley 's attorney , marcia shein , said hundley will report to a yet-to-be determined prison but did n't say what the date would be .
in february , hundley was seated next to jessica bennett and her 19-month-old son in row 28 when delta flight 721 from minneapolis , minnestoa , began its descent into atlanta .
when the baby began to cry , hundley allegedly told bennett to " shut that ( n-word ) baby up , " according to an fbi affidavit . "
shein said in a february statement that her client was in distress and grieving during the flight after learning the day before that his son was in a coma , after overdosing on insulin .
hundley was headed to atlanta to decide whether or not to take his son -- who died the day after the flight -- off life support .
shein said hundley " had paid a terrible price for his hurtful words but asks only that people understand that he was not doing well that night and spoke hurtful words he would have not otherwise have said . "
after a year of doubt , serena williams proved that she is back and as strong as ever as the american secured her sixth u.s. open title .
almost as soon as billie jean king had officiated the coin toss , the match was never in doubt as williams overpowered wozniacki .
at one point early in the second set the 33-year-old williams had hit 22 winners .
wozniacki had hit just one .
williams is now just four behind steffi graf , who holds the all time record with 22 career grand slam single titles in the open era .
she had not made the quarter finals at any grand slam this season .
her retirement from wimbledon during a doubles match added to the sense of crisis .
but williams is judged differently to other players .
she 's still the world 's number one player and has been in imperious form during the past fortnight .
williams did n't even drop a set during the tournament .
wozniacki overpowered it was a disappointing end to the tournament for wozniacki , who has returned to form after a difficult period in her personal life after breaking up with rory mcilroy .
but she was gracious in defeat .
( cnn ) -- defending english premier league champions manchester city had to come from behind twice to snatch a 2-2 draw at improved liverpool sunday .
martin skrtel headed them ahead from a steven gerrard corner after 34 minutes , but the visitors drew level after yaya toure capitalized on hesitancy just after the hour mark .
liverpool responded almost immediately as a long-range free kick from luis suarez eluded city goalkeeper joe hart to put them 2-1 ahead .
man utd and pacesetting chelsea win but they could not hold their lead and in the 80th minute skrtel was the villain as his back pass fell short of pepe reina and carlos tevez swooped to round the home goalkeeper and equalize .
both sides had chances to claim three points in a frantic finish with substitute andy carroll 's header cleared off the line by city 's new signing jack rodwell .
joe allen , one of new manager brendan rogers ' summer acquisitions , had a fine game on his anfield debut .
" here at anfield the atmosphere was fantastic , as i expected .
i 'm looking forward to playing here this season .
( cnn ) -- more than 65 people have been killed in two days of clashes between rebel groups and soldiers in southern sudan 's upper nile state , an army spokesman said .
philip aguer , spokesman for the sudan people 's liberation army ( spla ) told cnn.com that forces loyal to a militia leader named oliny attacked the village of uach west of malakal in upper nile state .
oliny , aguer said , is a former member of southern sudanese politician lam akol 's militia .
" but we do n't know if he is still associated with him . "
" they have received new weapons .
however , sudan 's dominant national congress party ( ncp ) in the north denied having any involvement .
rabie abdelati , an ncp party official , said on monday : " if we really wanted to go back to war , we would not have signed the comprehensive peace agreement ( the 2005 accord ) or accepted the referendum .
" we are hoping for a strong south after secession .
if the south is not stable the north will not be stable , " he said .
akol , a seasoned southern sudanese politician and a former member of the spla , broke from the spla in 2009 and created a new party , the sudanese peoples liberation movement-democratic change ( splm-dc ) .
beirut , lebanon ( cnn ) -- hezbollah 's chief on monday announced the group 's new " manifesto , " which calls on all countries to " liberate jerusalem " and declares the united states a threat to the world .
" american terrorism is the source of every terrorism in the world , " hassan nasrallah said in a televised speech from an undisclosed location .
it was his first address since a unity government formed in lebanon this month , ending a crisis that had left the country with no government since june 's parliamentary elections .
nasrallah does not appear in public amid concerns for his safety .
in his remarks , which included about 80 minutes of reading the manifesto followed by answering questions from reporters , nasrallah sought to reject the " terrorist " label , repeatedly saying hezbollah is a " resistance " force .
he praised iran and syria , which are hezbollah 's chief backers .
washington ( cnn ) -- democrat-turned-independent sen. joe lieberman managed to keep his senate committee chairmanship in part because president-elect barack obama did n't want to punish him for supporting sen. john mccain , lieberman said tuesday .
sen. joe lieberman speaks tuesday after democrats allowed him to keep his committee chairmanship .
the senate democratic caucus , following a lengthy and often heated debate , voted 42-13 tuesday to let lieberman continue chairing the senate homeland security committee .
the caucus did , however , strip lieberman of his spot on the environment and public works committee .
a democrat in the senate for 18 years before going independent , lieberman criticized obama , the democratic nominee , during the race for the white house .
watch lieberman express regrets over past statements » democrats were angered by lieberman 's speech to the republican national convention , where he praised his longtime friend mccain and criticized obama for not reaching across the aisle to work with republicans during his time in the senate .
reid , the senate majority leader , said lieberman 's criticism of the democratic nominee had angered him .
" i would defy anyone to be more angry than i was , " he said tuesday .
( oprah.com ) -- oprah has always said that mothers have the most difficult job on earth , and actress jenny mccarthy is one mom who has never backed down from a challenge .
jenny has been an outspoken advocate for parents of children with autism since her son was diagnosed with the disease two and a half years ago .
in her new book , " mother warriors , " jenny tells the story of other moms fighting for their special-needs kids .
after going through a painful divorce , monica met tony when she least expected it .
monica already had a 9-year-old daughter , but soon after she and tony got engaged , they were thrilled to be expecting another bundle of joy .
in august 2007 , she had a c-section , and though she worried about complications , monica delivered a healthy baby girl .
but hours after sofia was born , monica began running a fever .
no one was concerned at first -- monica figured it was just hormones -- but three days later the fever had n't broken , and monica 's abdomen was swollen and painful .
ireport.com : what do you think about this story ?
sound off on video the doctors at monica 's hospital thought she might be infected with a deadly strain of bacteria .
they flew her to a hospital in boston where she was diagnosed with necrotizing fasciitis , also known as flesh-eating bacteria .
( cnn ) -- inter milan exited this season 's champions league to marseille in a dramatic finish to their last 16 , second leg tie in the san siro tuesday .
trailing visitors marseille 1-0 from the first leg , 2010 winners inter leveled on aggregate through a diego milito goal in the 75th minute .
the match looked headed for extra time until a long clearance found marseille substitute brandao , who eluded two defenders before beating julio cesar with a low shot .
inter were stunned but had time for one more attack , giampaolo pazzini earning a penalty as he was brought down by marseille goalkeeper steve mandanda , who was sent off for a second yellow card .
pazzini converted the penalty with the last kick of the match as it finished 2-2 on aggregate .
but the french side went through on the away goals rule to reach the quarterfinals of the competition for the first time since 1993 the defeat will heap the pressure on inter 's coach claudio ranieri , who has seen his side win just once in 11 games to slide down serie a. both wesley sneijder , who was later substituted , and milito spurned cast-iron chances in the first half to give inter some breathing space in the tie and they paid a heavy price .
" this match is a picture of our season , we played better than marseille and even tonight we had the clearer chances , " ranieri told italian television .
" over 180 minutes marseille had three shots on goal but in football the team who wins is the one that scores , so well done to them .
washington ( cnn ) -- establishment republicans , backed by business-friendly outside groups , launched a counter-offensive this year against conservative senate challengers after two election cycles of hard-right candidates winning gop primaries but losing in november .
republicans need to flip six seats this year to win back the majority and do n't want the same scenario to play out again .
the tea party 's scorecard this year is far different than in 2010 and 2012 , when it knocked off several establishment-backed candidates .
short-lived tea party victories it 's too early to say if the party 's over , but as stuart rothenberg of the non-partisan rothenberg political report wrote earlier this month , " it 's already clear that the pragmatist conservatives have stopped the anti-establishment 's electoral momentum . "
midterm users guide : 15 things to know march 4  firebrand republican rep. steve stockman launched a last-minute bid against texas sen. john cornyn , but he never seriously challenged the incumbent .
cornyn won by more than 40 points .
may 6  north carolina state house speaker thom tillis won big against his top two conservative opponents , winning enough of the vote in the primary to avoid a costly runoff that would have delayed his general election face-off against democratic sen. kay hagan , one of the nation 's most vulnerable incumbents .
may 13  the primary in solidly red nebraska might have been the high-water mark for the tea party in this cycle .
ben sasse , a former bush administration official who was endorsed by high-profile conservatives like ted cruz and sarah palin as well as the club for growth and other well-funded conservative groups , beat his two primary opponents and will likely coast to victory in november .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- the doctor convicted in pop star michael jackson 's death is suffering possibly life-threatening and permanent injuries after almost a year in a small jail cell , his lawyers are warning .
dr. conrad murray is housed in a high-security section of the los angeles county jail because of his notoriety , which isolates him from the general population for his protection but means he has " extremely limited access to exercise . "
" if one were to keep a dog in a space just a few inches larger than the dog 's length , for any extended period of time , contentions of animal cruelty possibly leading to prosecution would likely result , " it said .
wass , who is overseeing the appeal of murray 's involuntary manslaughter conviction , told cnn thursday his jail conditions " are the equivalent of a large individual flying coach in a middle seat for a period of a year . "
( cnn ) weeks after a grand jury chose not to indict the officer who shot michael brown , officials have released a new mound of documents from the weeks of proceedings .
among the details that emerged : wilson fired his gun 12 times ; the officer said he feared brown could beat him to death ; and wilson said he was not carrying a stun gun because " it is not the most comfortable thing .
they are very large . "
the latest document release does not include one notable element : the fbi interview with witness dorian johnson , brown 's friend who was with him at the time of his shooting .
despite the promises of st. louis county prosecutor bob mcculloch , who had promised to make all witness testimony in the case public , mcculloch 's office told cnn affiliate ksdk that it has kept some records secret at the request of federal authorities , who are still investigating the incident .
executive assistant ed magee said the office had " turned over and relinquished control " of the fbi 's interview , according to usa today .
he said the fbi asked the county not to release records that are part of an ongoing federal civil rights probe .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- comedian eddie murphy will host the oscars next february , the academy of motion picture arts and sciences announced tuesday .
brett ratner , who will produce the 84th academy awards show along with don mischer , called murphy " a comedic genius , one of the greatest and most influential live performers ever . "
critics panned the co-hosting team of anne hathaway and james franco after last february 's awards show , putting pressure on producers to hire a host who will stir positive buzz and draw viewers .
" his quick wit and charisma will serve him very well as oscar host . "
murphy was nominated for best supporting actor in 2006 for his supporting role in " dreamgirls . "
" i am enormously honored to join the great list of past academy award hosts from hope and carson to crystal , martin and goldberg , among others , " said murphy , referring to previous hosts and show-business legends bob hope , johnny carson , billy crystal , steve martin and whoopi goldberg .
murphy , who started his stand-up comedy career at 15 , was 19 when he became the youngest cast member on tv 's " saturday night live " in 1980 .
his feature film debut came in 1982 's " 48 hrs . "
and was followed by " beverly hills cop " and the " the nutty professor " and " shrek " franchises .
murphy 's movies have earned in excess of $ 7 billion at box offices worldwide , according to the academy 's news release .
new york ( cnn ) -- two men suspected of planning an attack on a manhattan synagogue with guns and a grenade were arrested wednesday , marking the end of a seven-month undercover operation by new york police officers .
the suspects , ahmed ferhani and mohamed mamdouh , were detained in midtown manhattan after buying two loaded browning semi-automatic pistols , one smith & wesson revolver , ammunition and a grenade , according to police commissioner ray kelly .
at least a dozen police officers swarmed ferhani , who was at the time placing the weapons in the trunk of his car .
each faces terrorism and hate-crime-related charges and , if convicted , could confront the prospect of life behind bars without the possibility of parole .
ferhani , a 26-year-old unemployed resident of queens , is a native of algeria who traveled to the united states in 1995 , claiming asylum .
" muslims are abused all over the world , and i ai n't going to take it , " prosecutors quoted ferhani as saying ; his conversations with an undercover police officer were secretly recorded .
prosecutors say ferhani sold narcotics in an effort to finance the planned attacks .
his defense attorney , stephen pokart , told manhattan criminal court judge melissa jackson that his client " has n't committed any crime at all . "
he worked for a local delivery service and came to the united states in 1999 with his family from casablanca , morocco .
defense attorney steven fusfelda -- while not acknowledging the legitimacy of the charges -- asked for leniency given that the prosecutors ' case appeared to hinge more directly on ferhani , he said .
on the southern fringes of donetsk , in the shadow of a huge steel plant , a cacophony of barking overwhelms the dull thud of artillery fire .
the pif animal shelter is crammed with almost 1,000 dogs of all sizes , ages and breeds ( though the number that can claim any sort of pedigree is probably in single figures ) .
many are orphans of the conflict that has shaken this city for the past six months .
their owners have left or in a few cases been killed by the shelling .
some have been discovered tied up and emaciated ; others carry the scars of shrapnel or hobble around on three legs .
there are several in every cage , with a handful of straw to protect them from temperatures that plunge far below freezing at night .
the director of the sanctuary is victoria vasilieva , a tall middle-aged woman with jet black hair , whose compassion for the animals in her care is unstinting .
she cradles a young dog called jennifer , the only survivor when a shell hit her family 's home near the airport .
jennifer was found traumatized in the ruins and it has taken weeks to gain her trust .
now , like the people of donetsk , they hardly notice them .
inside the office block , a puppy -- mostly black labrador - is recovering from a broken leg and shrapnel wound .
vats of oatmeal are cooking in the yard .
it 's like feeding an army .
a few very lucky dogs are going to new homes in germany , finland and russia , but the great majority will remain at the shelter so long as there is money to feed them .
mcdonald is out on bail while the case is under investigation by the district attorney 's office .
he is due in court on september 15 and has yet to be charged .
they 've called for mcdonald to be sidelined ( with pay ) pending the outcome of the september 15 court appearance .
do we need cell phone video of every assault to make the nfl pick up the ball ?
apparently we do .
there 's greg hardy of the carolina panthers , who was convicted in july on domestic violence charges .
think he 's in jail or suspended indefinitely like rice ?
nope -- under nfl commissioner roger goodell 's leadership , he 's on the field .
and there are many other examples where the nfl looked the other way or was way too lenient .
ray rice has been punished for his despicable elevator assault on janay palmer , who 's now his wife .
the nfl commissioner , roger goodell , must go .
with goodell in charge , nothing is going to change the next time another player is charged with felony domestic violence .
and next time is already here .
( cnn ) -- mohammad idrissou put cameroon on course for a spot in the african nations cup quarterfinals with a late winner in a topsy-turvy 3-2 group d victory over zambia .
zambia bossed the first half and went ahead inside 10 minutes through jacob mulenga .
christopher katongo thought he had earned a point with an 82nd-minute penalty but idrissou had the last word for cameroon just four minutes later .
the indomitable lions were looking to ignite their campaign after a shock 1-0 defeat by gabon in their opening match , which was also a first loss for manager paul le guen .
carlos kameni , though , could only push the ball out to mulenga , who was left with a simple tap-in .
zambia should have doubled their lead before half-time .
rainford kalaba 's fierce free-kick was pushed back into the danger area by kameni but christopher katongo could not direct his shot away from the keeper .
and that was made to look very costly in the 68th minute when a calamitous mistake from mweene saw cameroon draw level .
geremi sent in a hopeful cross from the right wing that the zambia keeper inexplicably helped into his own net .
( cnn ) -- doug skinner held up the pants in the tiny dressing room and shook his head .
there 's no way , he thought .
no way i 'm at a size 48 .
this was 2004 .
skinner was fresh out of college , recently married and just starting his career as a technology coordinator for a local school district .
i refuse to go any bigger than 46 , he thought vehemently .
" unfortunately , that day i did have to buy those [ pants ] , " skinner remembers .
" but i did n't go any higher than that . "
skinner always had an excuse for his obesity as a young adult .
the self-described " stocky " man was just big-boned , he told himself .
in reality , he weighed close to 300 pounds .
" it was n't like we were stopping on the way home at mcdonald 's every night -- it was just portion sizes , " skinner says .
" the easiest thing in the world [ for me ] is to eat .
i 'm a food guy .
i love dessert . "
but that day in a badly-lit discount clothing store in new jersey , something clicked .
they decided right then to make a change .
let 's not kid around anymore . "
got your own weight loss story to share ?
visit ireport the couple went home and borrowed a few weight watchers books from a relative and began to eat less .
" the first month , i was starving , " skinner says .
" after the first month it was easier .
it 's still not easy today , but it 's easier . "
( cnn ) -- sri lankan cricketers have described for the first time how they feared some of their teammates had been killed during a deadly attack on the team bus by gunmen in pakistan -- and paid tribute to the driver of the bus for saving their lives .
six police officers and a driver were killed in the ambush by around a dozen attackers armed with automatic weapons as the players made their way to lahore 's cricket stadium early tuesday .
two players , tharanga paranavitana and thilan samaraweera , suffered gunshot wounds to the chest and leg respectively while six others suffered shrapnel wounds .
but vice-captain kumar sangakkara told cnn he believed paranavitana had been killed when he collapsed after being shot .
" i was lying on the ground .
i heard thilan ( samaraweera ) groan and i heard tharanga paranavitana say something .
i turned around and a bullet whizzed past my head and hit the seat in front of me .
and then i got hit in the shoulder by shrapnel , " sangakkara said .
" then i saw tharanga paranavitana get up and say ' i 've been shot ' and then he collapsed on the seat .
i really thought he was seriously hurt or even dead . "
read profiles of the wounded players » describing the initial moments of the ambush , sri lanka coach trevor bayliss said there had been an explosion " which someone said later was a rocket launcher that missed the bus and went over the top and hit somewhere in front of us . "
watch footage of the gunmen staging their attack »
( cnn ) -- andy carroll scored twice , his first goals for liverpool , to help his club comfortably defeat manchester city 3-0 in monday 's premier league encounter at anfield .
city , who needed a victory to move above chelsea into third place in the table , were blown away by a devastating first half performance from liverpool , who have consolidated sixth position with this result .
but the visiting defense was struggling to cope with liverpool 's wave of attacks and the hosts took a deserved lead six minutes later when carroll 's superbly struck left-footed strike , from just outside the area , swerved past hart for his first goal since joining the club for a british record transfer fee in january .
liverpool doubled their lead in the 34th minute when city failed to clear a succession of crosses and blocked shots , the ball eventually falling to the feet of dirk kuyt who fired through the legs of defender alexander kolarov and past hart .
liverpool made it 3-0 a minute later when raul meireles curled in an inviting cross from the left for carroll to outjump kolarov and help the ball into the far corner of the net .
liverpool had chances to increase their lead after the break but hart did well to keep out efforts from meireles and kuyt , while suarez fired wide from an acute angle and carroll headed over the crossbar from a good position .
( cnn ) -- a gunman killed three people and wounded at least five at the house of a mayoral candidate in the philippines before polls opened on monday , a military spokeswoman said .
the attack happened around 2:30 a.m. ( 2:30 p.m. sunday et ) when an unidentified gunman raided the house of a mayoral candidate in zamboanga del sur province , said spokeswoman steffani cacho .
the incident is under investigation , she added .
family dynasties also play a role : former first lady imelda marcos is running to fill the congressional seat of her son , ferdinand " bongbong , " who is running for senate , while her congresswoman daughter imee is running for governor .
a postponement would have stirred fears of a power vacuum on june 30 when president gloria macapagal-arroyo is scheduled to end her nine years in office .
polls opened to crowds of waiting voters , cnn 's arwa damon reported from manila .
" people are very excited , " damon said , adding that the election-day mood was " tinged with anxiety . "
joshua wong , the most prominent of hong kong 's student protest leaders , alleged he was assaulted by police who used excessive force -- including repeatedly grabbing his genitals -- during his arrest at pro-democracy demonstrations .
" excessive force was used and he was assaulted while he was on the ground , " said vidler .
" police kicked and punched him and effectively sexually assaulted him -- his private parts were grabbed repeatedly and painfully .
we 're considering our next steps and will decide over the next few days how to proceed . "
read more : who is joshua wong ?
glasses gone footage of wong 's arrest shows the teenager being suddenly rushed by a man wearing a police vest , then forcefully dragged away and disappearing beneath a huddle of police officers .
wong , who had earlier been filmed in heated but non-violent exchanges with people clearing the road of barricades , later tweeted he had lost his signature glasses during the arrest .
in response to wong 's claims , police issued a statement saying that if anyone believed they had been treated unfairly by police , they could take action through the complaints against police office .
vidler said hong kong police were displaying " increasingly brutal " behavior as the protests entered their third month .
" people are learning the other side of the hong kong police and it 's not an attractive side , " he said .
( cnn ) -- the man closest to tiger woods when he plays golf says he had no idea about the extramarital affairs that have sidelined woods from the game .
" i do n't need to clarify it , extend that answer .
i knew nothing . "
williams said he 's heard the calls from some that he should be fired for not preventing woods ' downfall .
" in some people 's perception , i 'm involved with it , and i 've committed a crime or done wrong , " he said .
" if the shoe was on somebody else , i would say the same thing , it would be very difficult for the caddy not to know , " he said .
" the four of us are so close , " she told tv3 .
" being so close , he could n't know and not say something to elin or myself .
you know , it 's just , that 's the way it is . "
woods , 34 , apologized last month in a tightly controlled televised statement for his " irresponsible and selfish " behavior , which he said included infidelity .
the february 19 statement was his first public appearance since he crashed his black cadillac escalade into a fire hydrant and a tree near his home in november .
( cnn ) -- in the last week , jeremy lin has gone from an unknown professional basketball player struggling to get time on court to an overnight sporting and media sensation .
cnn takes a closer look at the first u.s.-born player of chinese or taiwanese descent to play in the nba , and how he 's becoming more popular with every game .
as a professional basketballer he 's not overly tall , measuring 6 feet , 3 inches ( 191 centimeters ) and weighs 200 pounds ( 90.7 kilograms ) .
he played for four years at harvard , and has spent just one year as a professional player .
career highlights : following his stint at harvard ( where he was twice named to the all-ivy league ) , lin failed to get drafted by an nba franchise , and instead signed as a free agent with the golden state warriors in july , 2010 .
in december 2011 , lin signed with the new york knicks after being cut by the houston rockets .
his 109 points in his first four starts this past week have surpassed allen iverson 's to become the most by any player since the nba-aba merger in 1976 .
everyone loves a battle-against-the-odds story , and lin fits the bill perfectly .
the reasons for his meteoric rise to become a u.s. basketball sensation are numerous , but it all starts with talent .
in just weeks he 's gone from one-time bench-warmer to team savior , leading the knicks to five straight victories and averaging more than 20 points per game , while his field goal percentage during this winning streak tops 50 % .
actress patricia modell , who was married to former cleveland browns/baltimore ravens owner art modell , died wednesday , the ravens organization announced .
she was 80 .
she is survived by her husband , their two sons , john and david , and six grandchildren , the ravens said .
her most widely known role was as nurse meg bentley in the daytime soap opera general hospital in the late 1960s , and she also played laura brooks on the primetime tv drama " peyton place . "
at one point , the ravens said , modell had appeared in more television shows than any other woman in u.s. history .
her record was eventually broken by one of her closest friends , the late lucille ball .
modell retired from acting after the couple married in 1969 and became involved in philanthropy .
in cleveland , she did work for the make-a-wish foundation , the cerebral palsy association , and the cleveland clinic foundation .
she and her husband started and funded the hospice of the western reserve in cleveland .
modell was a major contributor in baltimore to the st. vincent 's center and the baltimore museum of art .
the modells contributed $ 3.5 million to the lyric opera house , which was recently renamed the patricia and arthur modell performing arts center at the lyric .
the modells pledged $ 5 million to help start a public boarding school , the seed school , for disadvantaged students .
they were named the 2009 outstanding philanthropists of the year for their work and donations by the association of fundraising professionals in maryland .
rafael nadal completed his preparations for the u.s. open by claiming the title in cincinnati for the first time with a hard-fought 7-6 7-6 win over home hope john isner sunday .
it was his 26th victory at a masters 1000 tournament and second in succession after lifting the trophy in montreal last week .
nadal , who has won nine titles in 2013 in a remarkable run since returning to the atp circuit after injury in february , has moved to no. 2 in the world off the back of that success .
it has relegated britain 's andy murray , who will be defending his u.s. open crown when the action starts at flushing meadows on august 26 , to third seed when the draw is made later this week .
only a shock first round exit at wimbledon has interrupted nadal 's charge to the top of the rankings with three of his successes coming on hard courts on top of his traditional dominance on clay .
isner , who had beaten world no. 1 novak djokovic in the quarterfinals , forced two set points at 6-5 on nadal 's service in the opener , but could not punish his spanish opponent .
nadal eventually took the subsequent tiebreak 10-8 before another closely fought second set .
he could not force a single break point on the service of the giant isner , but in the second tiebreaker forged a 5-1 lead to take control .
a typical cross court winner gave nadal victory in a shade under two hours , collapsing to the ground in trade mark fashion .
( cnn ) -- only two republican presidential candidates will appear on the ballot in virginia next year , regardless of how many are in the race .
mitt romney and ron paul will have the dominion state all to themselves .
supporters of newt gingrich , rick perry , rick santorum , jon huntsman and michele bachmann will have to be content with yard signs or donations as ways of cheering on their favorite would-be nominee .
that 's because their campaigns failed to gain the requisite 10,000 signatures .
it is , to be sure , a self-inflicted wound , a measure of some organizational chaos .
but it is also a function of illogically restrictive local laws .
they not only impede ballot access but end up denying open representative democracy to operate on the road to the oval office .
this may reflect the country 's closely held federalism , but it can create chaos in a presidential year .
in many cases , the rules are imposed by state party bosses who are less interested in democracy than in rigging the system to benefit their favored candidates .
take , for example , my home state of new york .
it votes reliably democratic in presidential years , at least since ronald reagan thrashed walter mondale in 1984 .
but the state 's primary delegates can still be a prize in a protracted republican nomination fight .
in 1999 , john mccain had to sue to even have his name appear on the ballot alongside george w. bush because the republican state party chair and his committee essentially decided that bush would be their nominee without the inconvenience of putting it to a vote .
local laws allowed them to restrict ballot access until public pressure and a court injunction overruled their attempted end-run around democracy .
dakar , senegal ( cnn ) -- polls closed sunday in senegal where citizens voted in an election overshadowed by violence as protesters demand the elderly president refrain from seeking another term .
president abdoulaye wade , 85 , was booed and jeered when he cast his ballot at a polling station in the middle-class neighborhood of point e.
he did not address the crowd , looked visibly frustrated at one point , and made some sort of gesture to the crowd , which also included some of his supporters .
if a candidate does not win 50 % of the vote , a runoff election will be held next month in the west african nation .
" we 've had enough of this regime of thieves and assassins .
we will defeat them here , " said cheikh gassama , a voter at the point e station .
senegal is one of the continent 's most stable democracies .
past elections have included a smooth transition of power , a rarity in a region with a history of election chaos , civil wars and coups .
turnout on sunday was low , according to thijs berman , chief observer of the european union monitoring mission .
" there was high political tension before these elections , so it is surprising that so few people came to vote . "
( cnn ) -- a mexican man who was allegedly killed on orders from his own cartel believed they were hunting for him after he began working as an informant and was fearful for his life , according to court documents .
jose daniel gonzalez galeana began to worry after he began working as an informant for immigration officials in the united states .
when immigration and customs enforcement officials gave gonzalez a visa so he could live in el paso , texas , his fellow juarez cartel members began to get suspicious , el paso police chief greg allen said at a press conference .
allen said gonzalez 's exit from mexico , combined with a raid on a cartel warehouse and the arrest of cartel lieutenant pedro " el tigre " aranas sanchez led cartel members to believe he might be working as an informant , allen said .
then , a mexican newspaper named gonzalez as an informant in the arrest of the high-ranking cartel member , according to court documents .
police said gonzalez knew if his fellow cartel members found him , he would likely be killed , police said .
on may 15 , the cartel found him .
he was shot eight times outside his home in el paso , texas , police said .
pfc. michael jackson apodaca , 18 , ruben rodriguez dorado , 30 , and christopher andrew duran , 17 , were each named as suspects monday and each are facing one count of capital murder .
the three men are being held on $ 1 million bond .
it does n't matter .
here was benitez , the victim .
here was the man in the middle of one of football 's most high-pressure jobs being circled by an army of critics .
perhaps the adrenaline kicked in .
perhaps he had just had enough .
it was fight or flight .
now he will await his fate , with the english club 's billionaire owner roman abramovich -- who has employed nine managers in 10 years -- expected to take note .
foreign owners in uk football : the good the bad and the ugly since benitez walked into stamford bridge last november , the former liverpool boss has been a sitting duck .
protests , placards , songs about former managers from the stands -- even the most genial of men would have found their patience challenged .
out of the champions league , beaten in the country 's third cup competition by swansea and 19 points off the league leader , chelsea 's season is in danger of collapsing .
contrast that with the fact that the blues were third and four points behind then leader manchester city when di matteo was given his marching orders .
( cnn ) -- lying low .
the california democrat was the only member of congress to vote against giving president george w. bush -- and subsequent presidents that would follow him -- nearly unlimited authority to wage war just days after the september 11 terror attacks .
this time around , she said there 's " no question " that isis needs to be stopped , but she 's waiting to hear president barack obama 's plan , which he 's expected to unveil in an address wednesday night .
republican walter jones of north carolina , who said he will go to his grave apologizing for his vote for war in 2002 , could n't commit his support -- or opposition -- to an expanded military operation either .
" i 've always regretted that vote , " he told cnn of his vote that authorized u.s. intervention in iraq .
" i think here we go again . "
" i 'm opposed to spending money without a debate and a strategy . "
rounding out the vocal antiwar trio , massachusetts democrat james mcgovern , said he 's " very uneasy " about the prospect of expanded war but stopped short of opposing it .
sid bernstein died wednesday in new york city , publicist merle frimark said in a statement .
he was 95 .
bernstein helped start the " british invasion " by bringing the beatles to carnegie hall and later , to new york 's shea stadium for landmark concerts in 1965 and 1966 .
people we 've lost in 2013 bernstein booked the carnegie hall concert in august 1963 -- the same year that capitol records had rejected three singles from the group .
" i 'm a hunch player , you see , " bernstein once said , according to his publicist 's statement .
it took eight months after i booked them for there to be any airplay of their records on the radio .
i had to convince carnegie hall and my financial backers to take a chance on this then-unknown group .
i was the first to promote the beatles in the states and ed sullivan called me first about them before he ever booked them on his television show . "
the beatles in color - unseen photos ultimately , it was sullivan 's audience who heard them first , on february 9 , 1964 .
the carnegie hall concert that bernstein booked was three days later .
bernstein , the son of russian immigrants , also booked top acts like frank sinatra , jimi hendrix , judy garland and the rolling stones .
perugia , italy ( cnn ) -- a judge tuesday convicted rudy guede , a native of the ivory coast , in last year 's murder of a british woman in italy and sentenced him to 30 years in prison .
briton meredith kercher was found dead in her perugia apartment last november .
their trial will begin december 4 .
guede , knox and sollecito have all denied wrongdoing .
guede 's attorney said he will appeal the conviction and sentence .
kercher , a 21-year-old exchange student at the university of perugia , was found nearly a year ago , dead in her bed , with a knife wound to her neck .
official reports said kercher may have been sexually assaulted before she died and that she bled to death .
members of kercher 's family spoke to reporters following the court proceeding .
but lyle kercher , a second brother , said that " pleased " was n't the right word for the family 's feelings , noting that his sister was murdered .
" satisfied " was more appropriate given the circumstances , he said .
at his lawyers ' request , guede , hoping for a lesser sentence , received a separate fast-track trial from knox and sollecito .
lawyers for sollecito , 24 , and knox , 21 , asked that their clients -- who have been in jail since shortly after the murder -- be allowed to stay under house arrest if indicted .
( cnn ) -- call it what you will -- providence , fate or simply a stroke of incredibly good luck -- colorado shooting victim petra anderson has some of it .
remembering the victims " the doctor explains that petra 's brain has had from birth a small ' defect ' in it .
it is a tiny channel of fluid running through her skull , like a tiny vein through marble , or a small hole in an oak board , winding from front to rear , " brad strait , senior pastor at cherry creek presbyterian church in englewood , colorado , wrote on his blog this week .
it turns slightly several times , and comes to rest at the rear of her brain .
and in the process , the bullet misses all the vital areas of the brain .
it 's just like the god i follow to plan the route of a bullet through a brain long before batman ever rises .
twenty-two years before , " strait wrote .
( cnn ) -- the way some republicans talk about the environmental protection agency , you would think it was created by a bunch of pot-smoking hippies communing at a nudist camp in northern california -- when in fact , the epa was created by one of their own , richard nixon , in 1970 .
they characterize the whole thing as an albatross hanging around the economy 's neck .
to be fair , nixon did not ride into the white house as a conservationist , and he did veto the clean water act .
but he said he did so because of the price tag of the policy , not its purpose .
after the santa barbara oil spill in 1969 -- which at the time was the largest in u.s. history -- nixon agreed with the rest of thinking society that clean water and air were a good thing .
sadly , if he tried any of that funny business today , his own party would probably impeach him .
that 's how far down the oil well some in the republican leadership have fallen .
rep. michelle bachmann said she would lock the epa 's doors and turn off its lights if she were president ( thankfully there 's no chance of that ) ; newt gingrich said he would shut down the epa and create a replacement to work with businesses to create jobs ( making it more of a lapdog than watchdog ) ; rick perry asked the president to halt all regulations , adding " his epa regulations are killing jobs all across america . "
( cnn ) -- k.s. " bud " adams jr. , the founder and owner of the tennessee titans/houston oilers football franchise and a co-founder of the american football league , died monday morning at his home in houston , the team said .
he was 90 .
adams owned the team for more than 53 years , starting in houston , where his oilers began play in 1960 as a charter member of the nfl 's new competitor , the afl .
adams , an oil company founder , teamed with other businessmen , including eventual dallas texans and kansas city chiefs owner lamar hunt , to form the eight-team afl in 1959 .
the oilers won two afl championships before the league merged with the nfl in 1970 .
the oilers franchise moved to tennessee in 1997 , eventually settling in nashville as the tennessee titans .
his franchise reached the super bowl once during his stewardship : in january 2000 , when the titans lost 23-16 to the st. louis rams .
people we lost in 2013 adams ' death came three days after " bum " phillips , the man adams employed as oilers coach and general manager from 1975 to 1980 , died at age 90 .
st. louis rams head coach jeff fisher , who was the oilers ' and titans ' coach from 1994 to 2010 , said monday that he was " extremely saddened " to hear of adams ' death .
he was a pioneer in the football business .
he played a key role in creating and sustaining the american football league , which helped push the popularity of our game to where it is today , " fisher said in a statement released by the rams .
( cnn ) -- luis suarez will have to wait until late october to make his debut for spanish club barcelona after the court of arbitration for sport ( cas ) partially upheld the uruguay star 's ban for biting an opponent on thursday .
switzerland-based cas heard the 27-year-old 's case last week as he appealed against the punishment imposed by soccer 's world governing body fifa .
suarez and his legal team had spent five hours before a three-man cas appeal panel in lausanne in an attempt to reduce the suspension , but the ban on playing was upheld along with a fine of $ 111,000 .
however , cas said he is free to take part in other football-related duties " such as training , promotional activities and administrative matters " and confirmed suarez would be available to play friendly matches for barcelona and the uruguay national team during his suspension .
" the cas panel found that the sanctions imposed on the player were generally proportionate to the offense committed , " the ruling stated .
" it has however considered that the stadium ban and the ban from ' any football-related activity ' were excessive given that such measures are not appropriate to sanction the offense committed by the player and would still have an impact on his activity after the end of the suspension . "
washington ( cnn ) -- a 21-year-old idaho man charged with trying to assassinate president obama by firing a rifle at the white house is competent to stand trial , a federal judge ruled friday .
in issuing the ruling , magistrate judge john facciola turned down a request by government prosecutors for oscar ortega-hernandez to undergo more mental evaluation .
federal prosecutor george varghese asked teegarden if she was aware the defendant had referred to himself as a modern-day jesus christ and if she knew he reportedly thought the government had a plan to implant global positioning system chips inside u.s. citizens to be able to track them .
teegarden said that when she asked him about comments he had allegedly made to people he knows in idaho that indicated he might want to hurt obama , ortega-hernandez did n't want to discuss the subject .
" i saw no delusional thinking , period . "
the couple - married three weeks -- just wanted to kill someone together , police said .
and troy laferrara , 42 , happened to be the unlucky one .
but the plans did n't work out .
" this , " said sunbury police chief steve mazzeo , " happened to be one that worked . "
the ad laferrara 's body was found in the backyard of a home in sunbury , a small city about 100 miles northwest of philadelphia , on november 12 .
he had been stabbed 20 times and strangled , police said .
the last number dialed on his cell phone led police to the barbours .
at first , the wife , miranda barbour , 18 , denied knowing the victim .
but presented with more and more evidence that police had gathered , she confessed .
according to the police affidavit , this is what happened : miranda barbour told police she would use craigslist to meet men -- " men who wanted companionship , " and were willing to pay her for it .
on november 11 , she met laferrara at a mall , picked him up in her red honda cr-v and drove to sunbury .
elytte barbour was hiding under a blanket in the back seat , he said .
the couple had agreed on a pre-arranged signal so that he would know when " it was time to kill the victim . "
( cnn ) -- vivienne westwood is as bald as a baby , the faintest hint of downy white hair sprouting across her naked scalp .
painted pink eyebrows sweep dramatically outwards .
wearing a sparkling , woven brown dress resembling an expensive hessian sack , she totters onto the stage at london 's southbank arts centre .
straining forward in her chair , the 72-year-old " grandmother of punk fashion " appears both vulnerable and fierce .
fragile and yet fearless .
" the world was so mismanaged and we hated the older generation because they were n't doing anything about it , " she says about forging britain 's punk aesthetic with then-boyfriend and sex pistols manager malcolm mclaren in the 1970s .
" i do n't hate the older people now -- i 'm one of them .
but i 've been trying to do something to change things all my life . "
' god save the queen ' decades after the couple started their radical new clothes shop in an area of london called " world 's end " -- displaying ripped t-shirts , rubber curtains , and even a live rat in a cage -- westwood has become one of britain 's most prestigious fashion designers .
this is the woman who , after receiving an award from queen elizabeth ii in 1992 , famously twirled around for photographers -- without wearing any underwear under her skirt .
the provocative lady is still there , though a little more frail-looking these days , speaking at london 's annual women of the world festival .
" buy less , choose well , make it last , " she tells a crowd of hundreds -- mostly women -- patiently listening to a lecture that meanders into climate change , banks , and social responsibility .
the sister of the boston marathon bombing suspect was arrested in new york city on wednesday for allegedly making a bomb threat , police said .
ailina tsarnaev , 24 , sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev , was charged with aggravated harassment after a bomb threat was made by phone to another woman monday .
the recipient , whose name was not released , notified police of the threat , according to new york police department lt. john grimpel .
her boyfriend shares a child with the woman who was threatened , grimpel said .
alina tsarnaev is no longer in custody and is expected to report to manhattan criminal court on september 30 , according to grimpel .
calls to her attorney were not immediately returned to cnn .
her brothers were accused of planting pressure-cooker bombs at the finish line of the 2013 boston marathon that killed three people and injured more than 260 .
they also were accused of killing a massachusetts institute of technology police officer .
older brother tamerlan was killed in a police shootout , and dzhokhar was captured in the days after the bombing .
dzhokhar tsarnaev is awaiting trial in november on terrorism charges .
friend of boston bombing suspect pleads guilty to obstructing justice what did suspected bomber 's widow know ?
( cnn ) -- accused " barefoot bandit " colton harris-moore was indicted wednesday by a federal grand jury in connection with a series of airplane and boat thefts in the pacific northwest , federal prosecutors in washington state said .
the 19-year-old gained notoriety for allegedly stealing planes and flying without a pilot 's certificate -- sometimes without shoes .
the teen had been on the run since he walked away from a juvenile halfway house in renton , washington , in 2008 , according to court records .
on wednesday , harris-moore was indicted on five counts , including interstate transportation of a stolen aircraft for allegedly flying a cessna aircraft from bonners ferry , idaho , to near granite falls , washington on september 29 , 2009 , the u.s. attorney 's office in seattle said .
he is also charged with interstate and foreign transportation of a stolen firearm for allegedly stealing a .32 caliber pistol in canada and carrying it into idaho and on the stolen plane he flew to the granite falls area , according to the indictment .
in addition , harris-moore is accused of piloting an aircraft without an airman 's certificate for a flight he allegedly made in a stolen plane from anacortes to eastsound , washington , on february 10 , 2010 .
another charge relates to allegations that he stole a 34-foot boat in ilwaco , washington , and sailed to oregon on may 31 , 2010 , the indictment says .
he faces a weapons possession charge for allegedly carrying a jennings .22 caliber pistol while he was a fugitive between october 1 , 2009 , and may 6 , 2010 .
( cnn ) -- a worldwide jewish rights organization is pushing hungarian authorities to prosecute a man it claims is a nazi war criminal , recently discovered in budapest , hungary , who allegedly sent more than 15,000 jews to auschwitz in the spring of 1944 .
the simon wiesenthal center found ladislaus csizsik-csatary as part of its " last chance " project , said efraim zuroff , director of the center 's israel office .
" we 're the ones who found him ; they 're the ones who photographed him . "
csizsik-csatary served as a senior hungarian police officer in the city of kosice , which is now in slovakia but was under hungarian rule in the 1940s , the center said .
" he was a commander of a ghetto , " zuroff told cnn .
report : hitler ordered reprieve for jewish man csizsik-csatary participated in the deportation of 15,700 jews to the auschwitz concentration camp in 1944 , witnesses have told the center .
he also played a role in " deportations to the ukraine to be killed -- 300 jews , " zuroff said .
" we found eyewitnesses on three different continents , " zuroff said .
those witnesses told the center about csizsik-csatary 's cruelty to jewish detainees and his role in the deportations to auschwitz and ukraine .
confronted by a sun reporter , csizsik-csatary denied the allegations , the tabloid reported sunday .
in a call to freed pro-democracy leader aung san suu kyi , u.n. secretary-general ban ki-moon emphasized the importance of a peaceful democratic transition and reconciliation process in myanmar .
suu kyi , a nobel peace prize recipient in 1991 , has spent 15 of the past 21 years under house arrest for her opposition to authoritarian rule in the nation formerly known as burma .
she was released last week .
" the secretary-general told aung san suu kyi that he was encouraged by the spirit of reconciliation emanating from her statements and appeals for dialogue and compromise following her release , " the u.n. said in a statement .
the resolution also slammed the nation 's recent elections and said they were not fair and inclusive .
" the government of burma continues to commit serious human rights violations , including arbitrary and prolonged detentions of its citizens , rape and sexual violence , discrimination and violence against ethnic minorities , and impose serious restrictions on freedom of speech , press association and assembly , " rice said in a statement .
suu kyi and ban vowed to pressure the nation 's military junta to release more than 2,100 political prisoners .
( cnn ) -- hilary duff says her new album is " very positive " but admits that it started out " a lot heavier and a lot darker " because of the separation from her husband , mike comrie .
" i 'm separated from my husband right now , which has been a very difficult thing to go through , " she told billboard 's " pop shop " podcast .
" in the beginning , the album was a lot heavier and a lot darker , because i had to get that out .
their son , luca , was born in 2012 .
duff and comrie announced their separation in january .
duff , 26 , admits that she 's " nervous " after being away from music for seven years .
her just-released single , " chasing the sun , " is from her still-untitled album , which will be her first studio release since 2007 's " dignity . "
after having the child and taking another year , she was even more anxious .
she spent most of her teenage years touring and says that turning 20 was a big factor in leaving the road .
" it was time for me to be a person , and the break just ended up being a long time , " she said .
( cnn ) -- the records kept tumbling for michael phelps thursday as he beat arch-rival ryan lochte to win the men 's 200m individual medley .
it was the 16th gold medal of his remarkable olympic career , but his first in an individual event at the london games .
infographic : records , medals and phelps -- the numbers behind london 2012 phelps led from start to finish to hold off lochte down the final freestyle leg to win in one minute 54.27 seconds , just 0.04 secs outside his own olympic record .
hungary 's laszlo cseh claimed the bronze medal .
lochte had taken bronze behind fellow american tyler clary in the earlier final of the men 's 200m backstroke and phelps said his rival for gold would have been feeling that effort .
" that was cool , i knew ryan ( lochte ) would be tough but coming off the 200 back that was a hard double , " he told bbc sport .
he qualified for the final of the men 's 100m butterfly later thursday by winning his semifinal in 50.86 seconds and will be a member of the american medley relay squad .
( cnn ) -- centuries from gautam gambhir and virat kohli helped india defeat sri lanka by seven wickets in the fourth one-day international in kolkata to take an unassailable 3-1 lead in the five-match series .
upul tharanga had hit a superb 118 and kumar sangakkara made a fine 60 as the visitors reached an imposing 315 for six after choosing to bat first .
however , gambhir struck an undefeated 150 and kohli made 107 -- his maiden century -- the two adding 224 for the third wicket as india easily overhauled the target , the highest one-day run chase at the famous eden gardens ground .
after the tourists opted to bat , india began well with the ball , conceding a measly nine from five immaculate overs sent down by new-ball bowlers zaheer khan and ashish nehra .
but tillakaratne dilshan broke the shackles by driving nehra through the covers in the sixth over for the first boundary and from then on india gradually lost control .
nehra , who had dropped tharanga on seven when he failed to hold on to a fairly straightforward return catch , went some way to atoning for that error by snaring dilshan early and sanath jayasuriya , batting at three , also departed cheaply .
( cnn ) -- calvino inman had just stepped out of the shower one evening in may when a glimpse of his reflection in the mirror caused him to panic .
" i looked up and saw myself , and i thought i was going to die , " says the 15-year-old from rockwood , tennessee .
his eyes were streaming tears of blood .
doctors are still searching for a medical reason for calvino inman 's tears of blood .
doctors could n't see what the family was trying to explain .
mynatt hoped that once doctors finally witnessed the phenomenon , there would be answers .
but that was n't the case .
" the people at the hospital said they had never seen anything like it , " mynatt recalls .
she says her son underwent an mri , a ct scan and an ultrasound , but none of the tests had abnormal results . "
' we do n't know how to stop it , ' " mynatt remembers being told by doctors .
" it just has to run its course . "
dr. barrett g. haik , director of the university of tennessee 's hamilton eye institute , says there is an answer , sort of .
but a case such as inman 's is still a medical mystery .
" what 's really rare is to have a child like this , " haik says .
" only once every several years do you see someone with no obvious cause . "
watch more on the teen who cried blood »
mikhail furtado was extremely worried about his 12th-grade exams .
a few days before he was due to get his results , his father walked in and found him dead .
" i opened the cottage door , put the light on and i found him hanging .
when the results came out , his father learned that mikhail had sailed through with good grades .
but furtado is trying to use his devastating experience to benefit others .
he provides counseling and is a regular at suicide prevention workshops .
" sometimes , at the end , i do break down , " he says .
highest rate in the world among young the scale of the problem among india 's young people is huge .
according to a recent world health organization report , india has the highest suicide rate in the world for the 15-to-29 age group .
across all age groups , nearly 260,000 people in india killed themselves that year .
" there were big families , there was a lot of support available , " he says .
" nowadays , there is one child in the family , " zachariah says .
reducing stigma some experts say a key problem is that families brush mental health issues under the carpet rather than facing them head on .
( ew.com ) -- good news ( we guess ? )
for ronn moss fans : do n't go looking for a brand new ridge to take over for the old one on cbs ' " the bold and the beautiful . "
" he will just not be in the picture .
i do n't want to do a presumed death because i do n't want the story that follows to be all about ridge .
this will be a brooke story .
ridge is a pivotal part of the show and he will be back in a matter of time ... and probably not all that much time .
i 'm looking at this in two phases , really .
there will be a period of time without ridge , which is where some new , interesting avenues for brooke will come into play .
but at some point it will be necessary for ridge to return to the show .
he said this on his facebook page : " i want to make sure , without any doubt , that you guys all know how much i love you .
your support during this time and hopefully beyond is everything .
i ca n't say anything yet , but soon will explain .
( cnn ) -- a man is accused of breaking into an anchorage , alaska , home over the weekend , sexually assaulting an elderly woman , killing her and her husband , and sexually assaulting the couple 's 2-year-old great-granddaughter before fleeing the scene in his boxer shorts .
jerry andrew active , 24 , was arrested about a block from the home .
he was charged with first and second degree murder , sexual assault and burglary , said anchorage police sgt. slawomir markiewicz .
active is being held on $ 1.5 million bond .
markiewicz said police were called to the home shortly before 8 p.m. saturday .
when they arrived , they found touch chea , 71 , and his wife , sorn sreap , 73 , dead , apparently due to blunt force trauma to the head and face , markiewicz said .
police also found in the home the couple 's great-granddaughter , who was sexually assaulted .
sreap had also been sexually assaulted , police said .
" i 've been in the homicide unit for the last eight years and it 's certainly one of the worst homicides we 've seen in our town , in our city , " markiewicz told cnn 's brooke baldwin monday night .
the sergeant said the 2-year-old 's father told police that he and his wife , who is pregnant , lived in the home with their children -- ages 4 and 2 -- along with chea , sreap and another relative .
they took their 4-year-old to the movies on saturday , leaving their youngest in the care of the child 's great-grandparents .
( cnn ) -- world number two phil mickelson has indefinitely suspended his pga tour schedule after his wife was diagnosed with breast cancer .
phil and amy mickelson have been married for 13 years and have three children .
" after undergoing an extensive battery of tests phil mickelsons 's wife , amy , has been diagnosed with breast cancer , " said a statement on the american 's official web site .
mickelson met his wife , a former cheerleader for the phoenix suns national basketball association team , in 1992 and they were married in 1996 .
they have three children -- nine-year-old amanda , seven-year-old sophia and evan who is six .
pga tour commissioner tim finchem said on the official pga web site : " we are saddened by the news of amy mickelson 's diagnosis , but are hopeful that with the support of phil and her family and friends , she will come through this difficult tim .
" the thoughts and prayers of everyone connected with the pga tour are with the mickelson family . "
world number one tiger woods added : " elin and i are deeply saddened to hear the news about amy .
( cnn ) -- move over , edward cullen .
tell those bayou bloodsuckers from " true blood " to step aside , too .
more than 112 years after he first climbed out of the coffin , the world 's most famous vampire is back -- and he 's bloodier than ever .
but while many of the original characters are here -- troubled couple jonathan and mina harker and vampire hunter van helsing among them -- the horror has gotten a 21st-century update .
the sex and violence that stoker deftly alluded to in the original are , at times , front and center in his descendant 's sequel .
" you 've got to keep in mind the perspective , " said dacre stoker , a native of montreal , quebec , now living in aiken , south carolina .
" the degree of sex and violence he had , in this very stuffy and conservative victorian society , was cutting edge at the time .
even the exposure of a woman 's flesh , the piercing of the flesh , was a metaphor for the sex act . "
and with authors from anne rice and charlaine harris to stephen king and poppy z. brite having crafted their own , sometimes lurid , reworkings of the vampire legend , stoker said he knew that the new book could n't just be a straight continuation of the first .
( cnn ) -- robert barchi believed he had much more important business to deal with at rutgers , and in many ways , he 's probably right .
he is overseeing a massive merger between the university and the state 's medical schools , one that will shape higher education in new jersey for generations .
the tape contained clips of mike rice throwing basketballs at his players , shoving them and cursing at them , and using a homophobic slur .
when it was given to espn months later , it dominated the airwaves for a week and sparked a scandal that rocked the rutgers athletic department and , for many alums , disgraced the school .
the tape was toxic .
the tape overshadowed everything barchi was trying to accomplish on the new brunswick , new jersey , campus .
but he never watched that tape until after it aired .
" it was a revelation , " barchi said a few weeks later , " that the intensity of the response , both within the community , within the state and nationally on this very important and very serious issue could totally swamp out all of the other issues we 're trying to deal with and color everything else we 're doing . "
revelation is n't the right word .
reality is .
barchi is n't the first university president -- and he wo n't be the last -- to learn how a scandal in college athletics can shape his administration or , for some , end it entirely .
port-au-prince , haiti ( cnn ) -- hip-hop singer wyclef jean heard " the sound of the boom " and then realized he was " grazed by a bullet " in port-au-prince saturday night , the eve of haiti 's presidential runoff election , jean told cnn .
a haitian national police spokesman said that jean was treated at a hospital for an injury , but he would not confirm if it was from a bullet or from glass .
the wound was superficial and " he is doing well , " jean spokeswoman cindy tanenbaum said .
jean said he suffered the wound on his hand soon after stepping out of his car to talk on his phone .
he was treated by a doctor at a hospital and released , tanenbaum said .
jean would not comment on if he suspected he was targeted by a shooter .
the police investigation was stalled by jean 's refusal to speak to police about the incident , according to garry desrosiers , a spokesman for the haitian national police .
" it was nothing , " said damien merlo , a spokeman for the martelly campaign .
" he 's fine and out and about getting out the vote for us . "
final results of the runoff will be released on april 16 , according to officials .
jean called sunday 's vote " historical . "
" this was done , the majority of it , with technology , " he said .
" it 's going great because this moment in history is being defined with the technology , facebook , twitter , sms , livestream . "
cable news network ( cnn ) is an american basic cable and satellite television news channel owned by the turner broadcasting system , a division of time warner .
cnn was founded in 1980 by american media proprietor ted turner as a 24-hour cable news channel .
upon its launch , cnn was the first television channel to provide 24-hour news coverage , and was the first all-news television channel in the united states .
while the news channel has numerous affiliates , cnn primarily broadcasts from the time warner center in new york city , and studios in washington , d.c. and los angeles .
its headquarters at the cnn center in atlanta is only used for weekend programming .
cnn is sometimes referred to as cnn/u .
s. ( or cnn domestic ) to distinguish the american channel from its international sister network , cnn international .
as of august 2010 , cnn is available in over 100 million u.s. households .
broadcast coverage of the u.s. channel extends to over 890,000 american hotel rooms , as well as carriage on cable and satellite providers throughout canada .
globally , cnn programming airs through cnn international , which can be seen by viewers in over 212 countries and territories .
as of july 2015 , cnn is available to about 96,374,000 cable , satellite , and telco television households ( 82.8 % of households with at least one television set ) in the united states .
we wo n't go ! "
the twist on a popular protest chant echoed saturday as people marched -- many in costume or with puppets -- in support of public broadcasting .
the so-called million puppet march in washington was inspired by comments gop presidential candidate mitt romney made during the first debate .
romney promised to stop funding to the public broadcasting service , home to " sesame street " and big bird .
protesters met at lincoln park and marched to the capitol reflecting pool .
" we came down to support pbs and to support freedom of speech in our nation 's capital , " said jim brett , who went to washington with his kids , along with various puppets .
" pbs is important to me because i grew up on it , " he said .
" it 's a foundation for our children today . "
one protester held a placard that read , " hundreds of channels to influence consumers !
zero channels to invest in citizens ? "
others were dressed like cookie monster and the count , both popular " sesame street " characters .
pbs is partially funded through the corporation for public broadcasting , which receives about $ 450 million a year -- a fraction of this year 's $ 3.5 trillion federal government spending .
" sesame street " is produced by sesame workshop , which says 93 % of its costs are funded by corporate sponsors and licensing .
" i 'm sorry , jim , i 'm going to stop the subsidy to pbs , " romney said to jim lehrer , who moderated the first debate and anchors " pbs newshour . "
" actually like you , too .
but i 'm not going to -- i 'm not going to keep on spending money on things to borrow money from china to pay for . "
actor philip seymour hoffman , who was found dead february 2 on the bathroom floor of his new york apartment with a syringe in his left arm , died of acute mixed drug intoxication , including heroin , cocaine , benzodiazepines and amphetamine , the new york medical examiner 's office said friday .
dr. sanjay gupta , cnn 's chief medical correspondent , said that as addicts take mixtures of drugs more chronically , they may not necessarily feel the effects of the narcotics , which still suppress the respiratory system .
" they 're not feeling it , but it 's still having an impact on their ability to breathe , and that 's the real problem , " he said .
" it 's called stacking .
you can stack the same drug too close together , or you can start to stack other drugs , one on top of the other .
that 's how people get into trouble .
police found nearly 50 envelopes branded " ace of spades " filled with what they believe was heroin in the actor 's manhattan apartment , two law enforcement sources familiar with the inquiry said .
used syringes , prescription drugs and empty bags that authorities suspect were used to hold heroin also were found in the apartment where hoffman , 46 , was found dead , sources said .
he was expected to pick up his children that day but did n't show up , the official said .
playwright david katz and another person went to the apartment and found him dead , the official said .
police officers found him in a t-shirt and shorts with his eyeglasses still on his head .
coming into the tournament in dubai , stenson was still searching for his maiden win of the year , having suffered near misses at both the bmw international open and volvo world match play championship .
a closing two-under-par 70 at jumeirah golf estates , however , ensured that the swede not only ended that long wait , but it also provided him with a first title defense of his career .
" it feels great .
i 'm exhausted to say the least , " stenson told the european tour 's official website .
" i had a couple of close calls this year to get my win and it was not to be .
it 's been close but eventually you get something if you stick around and i surely did that . "
stenson had found himself in real trouble after the 11th hole sunday , having hit his tee shot out of bounds , enabling spain 's rafael cabrera-bello to take a two-shot lead .
abdullah died early friday , several weeks after the state-run saudi press agency said he was suffering from pneumonia and had been admitted to a hospital .
he was 90 .
to ensure a smooth transition , the kingdom quickly appointed his 79-year-old half-brother , salman bin abdulaziz , to the throne .
his half-brother prince muqrin , a decade younger , is the new crown prince .
he was later laid to rest after a simple , swift ceremony .
those present at the graveside -- the royals closest to the late king -- were then to move on to a royal palace , where they were to pay their respects to the new monarch .
the ceremony of " al bayaah , " or pledging of allegiance to the new king , followed the funeral .
condolences and remembrances poured in from all corners of the globe .
" to god we belong and indeed to him we shall return , " said the homepage of the english-language saudi newspaper arab news .
the u.n. secretary-general praised abdullah for his arab peace initiative to end the arab-israeli conflict .
u.s. vice president joe biden said he would lead a delegation " in the coming days " to pay respects .
at the height of his power , zhou yongkang controlled police forces , spy agencies , court systems and prosecution offices across china -- and the domestic security czar was n't shy in deploying his vast assets to crush dissent and unrest in the name of " preserving social stability . "
as a member of the ruling communist party 's politburo standing committee -- china 's top decision-making body -- zhou was one of nine men who effectively ruled the country of more than 1.3 billion people .
away from the spotlight , though , zhou and his family members were reportedly taking advantage of his leadership position to accumulate enormous wealth .
the allegedly blatant exchange between money and power , as revealed by china 's state media , would eventually prompt zhou 's shocking downfall last summer .
after months of intense political rumors , the communist party 's disciplinary arm in late july announced a formal investigation into zhou for " serious disciplinary violations . "
on saturday , state-run xinhua news agency reported his arrest after the communist leadership expelled him from the party .
zhou 's case was sent to the country 's highest prosecution authority , paving the way for a criminal trial that would make him the most senior official ever to face corruption charges in the history of the people 's republic .
party investigators found the 71-year-old former leader received huge bribes , abused his power to benefit family and friends , and leaked state secrets , according to xinhua .
he was also accused of having affairs with multiple women , and trading power and money for sex .
( cnn ) -- a saudi man has lost more than 700 pounds ( 320 kilograms ) -- more than half his body weight -- since saudi arabia 's king ordered him hospitalized in august , according to a saudi magazine that interviewed him at a hospital .
shaari , estimated to be in his late teens , was unable to move by himself and was transferred from jazan in southern saudi arabia .
dr. aa'ed al-qahtani , head of the medical team overseeing shaari 's treatment , told sayidaty magazine in a recent interview that shaari 's health is continuing to improve at a steady rate .
shaari still can not move on his own and needs to use a mechanized pulley to sit on the chair .
before being taken out of his house on a forklift , shaari had not left his bed for three years , the magazine said .
in photos published in the magazine , which has launched an obesity awareness campaign , shaari is shown smiling and holding up a victory sign .
doctors say his spirits have constantly remained high .
his mother has stayed with him since he was admitted .
five al-shabaab militants are dead after they attacked an african union military base in somalia on thursday , au officials said .
the militants attacked the halane military base in mogadishu , somalia 's largest base for african union troops , according to the african union mission in somalia .
two militants detonated themselves inside the halane base and three were shot dead by au troops during the raid , amisom spokesman ali aden houmed said .
three au soldiers and a civilian died in the attack , amisom said on its website .
the amisom statement said other personnel at halane are " safe and secure . "
a spokesman for the al qaeda-linked terror group described the attack on the heavily fortified base -- which also houses several u.n. and international agencies -- on radio andalus , a pro-al-shabaab broadcaster .
" our mujahedeen forces detonated a car bomb at the entrance of the halane compound ... then managed to enter the facility , " sheikh abdiaziz abu musab said .
a firefight then broke out with troops , he said .
al-shabaab has been waging war in somalia in an effort to implement a stricter form of islamic law , or sharia .
o'neill was employed in early 2009 , and again from february 2010 to march 2011 .
" every day is a work day for her , so every day is a work day for the rest of us , " she said , according to court documents .
there is no , let 's put on sweatpants and go out to the movies and be girlfriends .
it does n't work like that . "
but she does not deserve a penny more . "
cnn 's breeanna hare contributed to this report .
washington ( cnn ) -- a late evening meeting between president barack obama and the leaders of the house and senate failed to reach agreement wednesday on a spending plan to avert a government shutdown , but all the participants said progress was made and talks would continue .
if there is no deal by midnight friday , when the current spending authorization measure expires , parts of the government will close down .
obama called the 90-minute talks with house speaker john boehner , r-ohio , and senate majority leader harry reid , d-nevada , " constructive " and he said they narrowed and clarified the outstanding issues .
" i remain confident that if we 're serious about getting something done , we should be able to complete a deal and get it passed and avert a shutdown , " obama said in brief remarks to reporters .
" but it 's going to require a sufficient sense of urgency from all parties involved " to prevent a shutdown that " could have real effects on everyday americans . "
both reid and boehner told reporters in their own brief comments that the meeting made progress in narrowing their differences , and that their staffs would work through the night to try to reach further consensus .
" i have confidence we can get this done , " said reid , who criticized boehner and republicans earlier in the day for intransigence .
" we 're not there yet . "
justin carter , who was 18 when he was arrested , will appear in comal county ( texas ) district court on tuesday , july 16 , for a bond hearing , according to his lawyer , don flanary .
flanary told cnn he will argue to have carter 's $ 500,000 bond , which his family can not afford to cover , reduced .
flanary , who is working the case for free , met with carter for the first time on tuesday .
he said carter is not doing well , and his family says he has been placed on suicide watch .
" justin is in bad shape and has suffered quite a bit of abuse while in jail , " flanary said in an e-mail .
" we will likely bring out these issues at the bond hearing . "
he did not elaborate on the type of abuse claimed by carter , who is now 19 .
in february , carter and a friend were arguing on facebook with someone else over the online video game " league of legends . "
his father told cnn that the other gamer called justin crazy and his son responded with sarcasm .
according to court documents , justin wrote , " i 'm f *** ed in the head alright .
i think i ' ma ( sic ) shoot up a kindergarten and watch the blood of the innocent rain down and eat the beating heart of one of them . "
( cnn ) -- on the sixth anniversary of the september 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , cnn asked users to share their stories of heroes from that fateful day and how they were being remembered .
sarah glasgow of easton , pennsylvania , sent this photo of a 9/11 memorial made up of flags and shoes .
below is a selection of those responses , some of which have been edited for length and clarity .
joshua miller of peoria , illinois i would like to remember patrick " joe " driscoll today .
he lost his life aboard united airlines flight 93 on the morning of september 11 , 2001 .
he was traveling with his friend , billy cashman , from new jersey to california for a hiking trip .
these physical setbacks did n't stop a feisty guy from new york city .
he went on to live an active life .
he was a fighter who had a gentle side .
joe is greatly missed .
so many of us are so very proud of him .
to ease my grief over the losses we all share from that terrible day , i often think of the passage from the gospel of john : " greater love hath no man than this , that a man lay down his life for his friends . "
thank you , joe .
you did just that .
jennifer brower of alexandria , virginia ray downey , the most decorated firefighter in the history of new york city , a tireless soldier in the battle for the safety and security of the people of the united states , and an amazing father and grandfather , died in the command post in new york city on september 11 , 2001 .
my daughter is named after him , and he is a constant source of inspiration whenever i am scared to do things .
i do not know whether he was scared , but it certainly never stopped him .
austin , texas ( cnn ) -- lady bird johnson , who was first lady during the 1960s and in her later years became an advocate for beautifying public landscapes , died wednesday , family spokesman tom johnson said .
she was 94 .
lady bird johnson 's real name was claudia .
she was the widow of lyndon baines johnson , sworn in as the nation 's 36th president on november 22 , 1963 , just hours after president john f. kennedy 's assassination .
lady bird johnson was briefly hospitalized last month with a low-grade fever .
she was released and returned to her austin home on june 28 .
after suffering a stroke in 2002 that limited her ability to speak , she communicated chiefly by writing .
" lady bird johnson embodied all that is beautiful and good about the great state of texas , " perry said .
the former first lady was born claudia alta taylor in 1912 in karnack , texas , a small town near the louisiana line .
she got her unusual nickname while still a toddler from her nurse , who proclaimed the child was as " purty as a lady bird . "
lady bird attended st. mary 's episcopal school for girls , a junior college near dallas and then transferred to the university of texas at austin .
after being spotted running barefoot at a school sports day , campbell-brown burst on to the track and field scene when she won silver as part of jamaica 's 4x100 meters sprint team at the 2000 sydney olympics .
she went on to win gold in the 200 meters at both the 2004 athens and 2008 beijing olympics .
now she faces her toughest test at her fourth games .
cnn photos : on the fringe of an olympic dream if she emerges triumphant at london 's olympic stadium in august , she will be the first person in history to win three consecutive gold medals in the distance .
she is in good form too .
last year she ran the 100 meters in 10.76 seconds , the second quickest time in history .
cnn 's human to hero caught up with the trelawny-born sprinter -- who hails from the same jamaican parish that has given the world champion men 's sprinter usain bolt -- to talk about london 2012 , her rivals and why a third gold would be the icing on the cake .
it helped me be very competitive , strong and independent , " campbell-brown said .
" i used to race the boys and win .
so i knew i had a special gift and should work on improving it .
new york ( cnn ) -- a self-described " ex-madam " who claims she supplied fellow city comptroller candidate eliot spitzer with escorts several years ago is facing charges of illegally distributing prescription drugs , authorities said .
kristin davis , 38 , was arrested on monday night and charged with selling adderall , xanax and other drugs .
the candidate was released tuesday on $ 100,000 bail , with a preliminary hearing scheduled for september 5 .
prosecutors said she will have strict pretrial supervision .
" prescription drug abuse is the fastest-growing drug problem in this country , resulting in more overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined , and this office has a zero tolerance policy towards anyone who helps to spread this plague at any level , " preet bharara , manhattan u.s. attorney , said in a statement .
spitzer , weiner and why new york is talking about sex davis is charged with four counts of distributing and possessing with intent to distribute a controlled substance .
she faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count , if convicted .
prosecutors allege that from 2009 through 2011 davis bought ecstasy pills , adderall pills and xanax pills from an fbi cooperating witness at least once a month , paying hundreds of dollars for each purchase .
she told the witness she provided these drugs to people at house parties , authorities say .
an attorney for davis was could not be immediately reached for comment .
davis ' campaign manager , andrew miller , said he was aware of the arrest but could n't provide any information .
( cnn ) -- three people have been charged in last year 's theft of the famous " arbeit macht frei " sign at the auschwitz concentration camp in poland , a prosecutor said friday .
prosecutors say hoegstroem incited two poles to steal the sign , which sat atop the entrance to the camp , pap reported .
he pleaded not guilty , and would face a sentence of 10 years in prison if convicted , the news agency reported .
hoegstroem was arrested in february in stockholm , sweden , and the swedish court allowed him to be transferred to poland in april , pap said .
the sign reading " arbeit macht frei " -- german for " work sets you free " -- was emblematic of the nazi camps of world war ii .
the sign was found 70 hours later in a village near torun , roughly 210 miles ( 340 kilometers ) to the north , and had been chopped into three parts , pap reported .
the men managed to remove the heavy iron sign by unscrewing it from one side and pulling off on the other , police spokeswoman agnieszka szczygiel said at the time .
more than 1 million people died in gas chambers or were starved to death in the auschwitz-birkenau concentration camp complex ; about 90 percent of the victims were jews .
( cnn ) -- hope murray thought her prayers had been answered .
hope murray , left , was desperate to find affordable health care for her daughter meredith .
her daughter , meredith , desperately needed to see a doctor after suffering a brain injury in a car accident , but health insurance companies would n't sell her a policy because of her pre-existing condition .
it was n't insurance but a program that advertised deep discounts at doctors ' offices and hospitals .
murray immediately signed up for the program , which she says advertised $ 30 doctor visits and $ 50 visits to specialists .
" it was pretty phenomenal , " murray said .
" they promised me everything was included , " including doctor visits , vision , dental and hospital stays .
murray paid $ 314 for the card up front and then $ 179 each month after that .
epsten was listed on direct med 's web site as being part of its network , but when meredith arrived at epsten 's office , his staff said they did n't accept the direct med card .
in fact , they said they 'd never even heard of direct med , hope murray says .
according to murray , this same scene played out with several other doctors and hospitals .
" it is a bogus scam that hurts people .
it should be a crime for people to do that . "
the organization reach to teach has seen a 100 percent increase in applications to teach english in asia .
" it was horrible .
i could n't find anything , " said green , a history and social studies major .
green , who counts trips to canada as his only experience abroad , will be leaving for seoul on march 20 for one year .
i 've only had one major breakdown so far , ... but i 'm really excited about being on my own ... somewhere completely new where i know absolutely no one , " he said .
like green , many recent college graduates are searching for alternatives to jumping into the job market in the face of the recession .
an increasing number of young americans are searching out paid positions teaching english in countries like south korea , japan , china and spain as a means to expand their horizons and weather the economic doldrums .
mitch gordon , director of school relations for reach to teach , said his organization has seen more than a 100 percent increase in applications in the last six months , with 3,784 applicants compared to 1,488 during the same six-month period last year .
the application system does n't track u.s. applicants separately , but gordon estimates more than 70 percent are from the united states .
washington ( cnn ) -- a convicted rapist seeking to prove his innocence with a new dna test lost his appeal thursday at the supreme court .
the u.s. supreme court case involved a crime in which post-conviction dna testing was available .
the justices ruled 5-4 that inmates can not use a federal civil rights law to press for advanced dna testing that was unavailable at the time of the crime .
forty-four states and the federal government have laws allowing post-conviction access to biological evidence for such testing , but that number does not include alaska , where william osborne was sentenced 15 years ago for a vicious attack on an anchorage woman .
" he has no constitutional right to obtain post-conviction access to the state 's evidence for dna testing , " chief justice john roberts wrote for the majority .
justices david souter , ruth bader ginsburg and stephen breyer backed his conclusions .
osborne 's trial attorney in anchorage made a strategic decision 16 years ago to forgo more sophisticated dna testing of the evidence in the criminal assault case , believing it might end up working against her client .
several years later , the alaska inmate sought access to the state 's biological evidence to have a state-of-the-art dna test done .
( cnn ) -- contrary to a report in a british newspaper , michael jackson does not have skin cancer , says randy phillips , president and ceo of aeg live , the promoter of the king of pop 's upcoming concerts at london 's 02 arena .
michael jackson gestures to the crowd at the march announcement for his series of london concerts .
phillips said he asked jackson point-blank about the skin cancer rumor yesterday , and the entertainer just brushed it off and laughed .
" he 's used to rumors like this .
he 's been famous ever since he was 5 .
he does n't read the newspapers or watch news reports , " phillips explained .
he also had an answer for an item in the british tabloid the sun that said jackson had been " making regular trips to a dermatologist in beverly hills wearing a mask and surgical cap . "
" michael is very close friends with his dermatologist .
according to phillips , the 50-year-old pop star had passed a stringent physical exam before he and aeg inked their deal for jackson to headline a 50-show residency at 02 beginning july 8 .
" and he 'll have to take another before the shows start , " he offered .
phillips also told cnn a tour with sister janet jackson and other performing members of the jackson family was " never in the works , at least from michael jackson 's side . "
he added , " never say never , but right now , he 's focusing on his own show .
it 's not about his family . "
defying warnings from the international community , north korea launched a long-range rocket on friday , but it broke apart before escaping the earth 's atmosphere and fell into the sea , officials said .
" it flew about a minute , and it flew into the ocean , " said noriyuki shikata , a spokesman for japanese prime minister yoshihiko noda .
" this is something that we think is a regrettable development , " he said .
joseph cirincione , president of the global security foundation the ploughshares fund , told cnn that the launch 's apparent failure " shows the weakness of the north korea missile program " and suggests that the threat from north korea has been " exaggerated . "
" it 's a humiliation , " he told cnn .
the united states , south korea and other countries see the launch as a cover for a ballistic missile test .
" our government strongly criticizes their action , " said south korean minister of foreign affairs kim sung hwan .
" they have ignored the starvation of their people and spent money on missiles .
details regarding why they requested the name changes are not available because the file is sealed .
sandusky is one of six adopted children of jerry sandusky , who was convicted in 2012 of sexually abusing 10 boys in a 15-year period .
he is currently serving more than 30 years in prison .
jerry sandusky tries to discredit witness from prison matt sandusky originally denied being abused by his adopted father , but during jury deliberations , he admitted to his attorney that he , too , was a victim of the disgraced former penn state assistant coach 's abuse .
in a 2012 interview with police , sandusky said his family was the reason he revealed his stepfather was abusing him .
" they can really have closure and see what the truth actually is , " he said .
matt sandusky 's birth mother lost a case against jerry sandusky to gain legal custody of her son when he was a child .
sandusky 's son fits pattern of other alleged victims
( cnn ) -- young striker mario balotelli made a goalscoring return to inter milan 's line-up as the italian champions bounced back from last weekend 's defeat to maintain a one-point lead in serie a on saturday .
the 19-year-old was welcomed back into the squad after apologizing during the week following his falling-out with manager jose mourinho , and helped inter stay ahead of roma with a 3-1 victory at home to bologna .
it was a successful end to a mixed week for mourinho , who had announced his unhappiness with italian football before wednesday 's 1-0 win over cska moscow in the first leg of the champions league quarterfinals .
motta sealed a comfortable victory ahead of tuesday 's trip to russia as he slotted in with five minutes left after a neat exchange with dejan stankovic .
second-placed roma kept in touch with six matches to play following a 1-0 victory at mid-table bari , where striker mirko vucinic returned from illness to net the winner in the 19th minute .
the montenegro hitman netted his ninth league goal this season after francesco totti combined well with luca toni , as roma survived an earlier scare when defender nicolas burdisso had to clear barreto 's close-range effort off the line .
( health.com ) -- middle-aged men who take steps to improve their heart health by eating better , getting more exercise , or taking cholesterol-lowering drugs may end up improving their sex lives as well , according to a new analysis of existing research .
the new study , which appears this week in the archives of internal medicine , suggests that ed drugs such as viagra are n't the only solution and are n't always enough to address the problem , says coauthor dr. stephen kopecky , m.d. , a cardiologist at the mayo clinic in rochester , minnesota .
" if you do take care of your lifestyle  eating right , exercising , losing weight  you respond much better to the viagra , the levitra , the cialis , " kopecky says .
by the same token , he adds , if these drugs become less effective " that should be a sign that ... you need to take care of your lifestyle . ' "
health.com : 7 ways to treat erectile dysfunction ed is troubling enough by itself , but to make matters worse it 's also a known harbinger of heart disease .
" the common denominator is blood flow , " he explains .
" if you look at a guy in his 40s who has erectile dysfunction and then you compare [ him ] to another guy in his 40s who does n't have erectile dysfunction , the guy with ed is about 50 times more likely to have heart disease . "
( cnn ) -- there are certain elements of leadership that survive the centuries -- that are classical , says john prevas , co-author of " power ambition glory : the stunning parallels between great leaders of the ancient world and today . "
and while these features are n't necessarily a guarantee of success in the modern world , they can provide professionals with a framework around which success can be built , he says .
so which leaders from the ancient past should you be looking to model your career on ?
alexander the great ( 356-323 bc ) alexander iii of macedon is the standard for leadership by which all others are measured , prevas says .
but does he merit his place as a leadership icon ?
on the one hand , alexander had a capacity for intense focus and was willing to sacrifice friends , family and personal fortunes to reach the top .
but ambition fueled by a massive ego eventually proved to be alexander 's undoing , prevas argues .
alexander 's most senior commander , parmenio , urged his young master to accept darius 's proposal and consolidate his power in the region .
from there , alexander continued eastwards conquering large parts of south central asia before heading to india .
but it was here that alexander 's exhausted army refused to carry on , thus ending his eastern escapade .
richard ben cramer , the pulitzer prize-winning writer whose 1992 book " what it takes " remains one of the most detailed and passionate of all presidential campaign chronicles , died monday night , according to his longtime agent , philippa " flip " brophy .
he was 62 .
the cause of death was lung cancer .
cramer 's work -- and work ethic -- was legendary among reporters .
he was generous with other writers , dogged in his pursuit of information , and known for idiosyncratically " doing things in his own way , on his own schedule , " recalled brophy .
" he was stubborn , charming and the most brilliant person i knew -- and the warmest , " she said .
" he was an unmatched talent who set an enormously high bar for political journalism .
i will miss him , " said vice president joe biden in a statement .
cnn senior political analyst gloria borger , echoing many , attests to his generosity .
she was a cub reporter for the old washington star when she was assigned to the maryland statehouse beat .
cramer , then with the ( baltimore ) sun , took her under his wing .
" i was this new kid on the block , and he 'd been around and knew maryland politics very well , and he was smart and a brilliant writer -- and kind to a new reporter on the beat , " she said .
cramer put all his fury , emotion and eye for detail on the page in such works as " joe dimaggio : a hero 's life " ( 2000 ) , " how israel lost " ( 2004 ) and especially " what it takes , " a 1,047-page account of the 1988 presidential race .
( cnn ) -- civil rights activist dorothy height , 98 , remained in " very serious , but stable condition " saturday , her friend and spokeswoman said .
a flurry of rumors about height 's death appeared saturday on the internet , particularly on the social networking site twitter , where her name was a trending topic .
wikipedia also briefly reported height 's death .
height remains hospitalized , according to alexis herman , her friend and former secretary of labor under president bill clinton .
height was admitted to howard university hospital earlier this week .
further details about her condition were not immediately available .
height , who turned 98 wednesday , is chair and president emerita of the national council of negro women .
in the 1960s , she worked alongside civil rights pioneers , including the rev. martin luther king jr. , future u.s. rep. john lewis and a. philip randolph .
she has been active in civil rights since the new deal era , according to her biography on the national council of negro women 's web site .
as a leader of the united christian youth movement of north america beginning in 1933 , " she worked to prevent lynching , desegregate the armed forces , reform the criminal justice system and for free access to public accommodations , " the site says .
she was elected president of the ncnw in 1957 and held the post until 1998 .
cnn 's lindy royce contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- an international football player has been found guilty of making a homophobic gesture during a league game by an english court .
it took place during a championship game away to brighton on february 12 , 2013 .
he was fined £ 750 ( $ 1,256 ) , ordered to pay £ 620 ( $ 1,039 ) court costs and a £ 75 ( $ 125.60 ) victim surcharge , pa reported .
brighton , a city on the south coast of england around 50 miles from london , has a large gay population and its players and supporters have often been subjected to homophobic abuse .
on tuesday , sussex police reported that three people were arrested for homophobic chanting during brighton 's game at leicester .
kazim-richards , who had previously played for brighton between 2005-2006 , made the gesture after being taunted by home supporters who claimed he was overweight .
darren hastings , a witness in the trial , said he noticed kazim-richards make the gesture four or five times during the match .
" i understand that football players receive a number of gestures or comments from the crowd but i certainly did not expect to see a football player perform that gesture on the pitch . "
sen. ted cruz slammed the white house on tuesday for a " failure of leadership " as president barack obama prepares to nominate his administration 's fourth defense secretary .
the texas republican , who is considering a 2016 run in hopes of heading his own white house administration , called the unusually high turnover at the helm of the defense department emblematic of a white house that puts politics above u.s. national security .
cruz said he did not know ashton carter , the former no. 2 man at the pentagon who is expected to be obama 's nominee to succeed defense secretary chuck hagel , but cruz said he looks forward to learning more about carter and his " good reputation . "
" it says something that so many people are saying , ' no , thank you , i do n't want to serve in an administration that overrides the defense department , that treats the defense secretary as subservient to political lackeys in the white house , " cruz said .
cruz made the remarks tuesday at an event cosponsored by concerned veterans of america and the conservative publication the weekly standard during which he bore out his hawkish foreign policy and staked out positions starkly in contrast to obama .
( cnn ) -- police in jackson , mississippi , have prepared an arrest warrant for former television host gary collins for leaving the scene of an accident , police spokesman colendula green told cnn .
officers were called to the scene monday afternoon but when police arrived , only one of the parties involved was there .
collins ' lawyer , tom royals , said his client had gotten out of his vehicle , examined the accident , and exchanged information with the driver of the other car .
after calling the police , collins left because he had been waiting for some time and he thought he had done all that was required , royals said .
" the other party knew his information , " royals said .
" and in fact collins knew someone in the car .
they talked a while and then he left . "
police are waiting to execute the arrest warrant once a judge signs off on it .
the other driver is pressing charges , green said .
" it was not a serious accident , " royals said .
" it was really just a minor fender-bender . "
collins is known for being a tv and radio personality , and is married to former miss america mary anne mobley .
as an actor , he is known his role in the television series " the sixth sense , " and " the wackiest ship in the army . "
london ( cnn ) -- a british businessman who is accused of having his wife killed during their honeymoon in south africa will be allowed to leave jail on bail , a judge decided friday .
shrien dewani is accused of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife during a taxi ride in cape town , south africa in november .
british judge duncan ousely rejected concerns from the south african government that dewani would use his funds and international connections to flee before an extradition hearing .
ben watson , a lawyer for the south african government , cited hotel surveillance video that he said showed dewani twice meeting with a cab driver as the sort of evidence indicating dewani 's involvement in a plot against his wife .
but ousely ruled that dewani , who did not attend the hearing , had a genuine interest in clearing his name and said he has cooperated with investigators from both england and south africa .
dewali 's solicitor , andrew katzen , said he was " delighted " with the outcome but declined further comment following the court hearing .
dewani , who is jailed in london 's wandsworth prison , will be allowed to stay at his parents ' home .
he will be required to report to a police station in bristol every morning .
a court hearing has been temporarily scheduled for jan. 20 , but it is unclear when south africa will submit a formal extradition request .
dewani 's lawyers say he is innocent and will fight extradition .
dewani 's wife , anni dewani , died in an apparent carjacking as the couple took a taxi ride in a crime-ridden neighborhood of cape town .
dewani was allowed to leave south africa , but this week prosecutors there accused him of hiring a crew of hitmen to kill his wife .
( cnn ) -- if the day of judgment begins saturday , as an apocalyptic christian radio network has predicted , the community of rapture , indiana , will likely take it in stride .
perhaps that 's because the souls who lived in 15 to 20 homes in the southwest corner of the state are long gone -- leaving only one family and the name rapture on online maps .
curious about its history , cnn called area post offices , the town hall in nearby poseyville and the local library .
nobody had heard of rapture , much less knew how it got its name .
but they did know of bugtown , as the tiny community on highway 68 is now known .
heather gallagher , director of poseyville carnegie public library , did a little digging and suggested a call to bugtown 's sole resident , who splits his time between indiana and nashville .
david tanner gave up his law practice and moved to nashville , where he plays upright bass and sings in groups spaghetti westerneers and brazilbilly .
he owns a home , rental property and an airplane hangar in bugtown .
" the rest is grass , " said tanner .
an atheist , tanner is not fretting about family radio founder harold camping 's prediction that jesus christ will return during the world 's destruction and ascend into heaven with true believers .
i 'm not concerned if the world does n't end and it 's all a hoax , " tanner said from nashville friday .
" if it does ( end ) , i 've had a great time living to 46 . "
in nearby griffin , guy carner , 77 , said he is familiar with bugtown .
" it 's a dot in the road . "
but for rudy fernandez , who leapt to fame with his " hellacious " dunk in an olympic final against the u.s. dream team , playing in " the best league in the world " was not enough .
" here probably i 'm a better player , i can do everything -- not like my years in the nba , " fernandez told cnn 's human to hero series .
" the nba , it 's a business for sure , so when you sign a contract you have to know you might get traded to another team , another city .
and you start playing 82 games in one season , it 's a lot of basketball . "
fernandez moved to the u.s. after the 2008 olympic final in beijing , where spain lost to the americans , and spent three years with the portland trail blazers .
" they gave me the opportunity to play in the best league in the world , " he said .
however , his later move to denver nuggets was not a success -- partly due to a back injury , and partly due to a league lockout that shortened the 2011-12 season to 31 matches .
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) -- a top taliban commander has issued a new threat to foreign aid workers , saying that under the insurgent group 's new " constitution " they will execute them as spies or hold them in exchange for the release of taliban fighters .
taliban militants pose with their weapons as they drive their car in wardak province .
( file photo ) in an exclusive telephone interview friday night with cnn , mohammed ibrahim hanafi said the taliban intelligence wing was actively gathering information on foreign aid workers .
" if we get someone , that is how we will deal with it under our new constitution , " he said .
he added that he was telling " afghan brothers not to work with ngos . "
in the 15-minute interview , arranged by an intermediary for cnn , hanafi repeated the taliban 's pledge to keep girls out of public schools .
" our law is still the same old law which was in place during our rule in afghanistan , " he said .
" mullah mohammad omar was our leader and he is still our head and leader and so we will follow the same law as before . "
dozens of crimes across the country , especially acid attacks , have marred the opening of the new school year in afghanistan .
afghan girls have been burned and scared randomly with acid as punishment for going to school .
islamabad , pakistan -- a pakistani government minister who had said he was getting death threats because of his opposition to a controversial blasphemy law was shot to death wednesday .
shahbaz bhatti was the only christian member of the cabinet in pakistan , where 95 percent of people are muslim .
he served as the government 's minister of minority affairs .
he was shot and killed in islamabad on wednesday morning , pakistani police said .
( the ) assassination of bhatti is a message to all of those who are against pakistan 's blasphemy laws , " said ihsanullah ihsan , a taliban spokesman .
bhatti had been critical of the law , saying at one point , " i am ready to sacrifice my life for the principled stand i have taken because the people of pakistan are being victimized under the pretense of blasphemy law . "
other officials have also been targeted for opposing the blasphemy law , which makes it a crime punishable by death to insult islam , the quran or the prophet mohammed .
in january , the governor of punjab province , salman taseer , was assassinated by his security guard because he spoke out against the law .
" i will campaign for this ... these fanatics can not stop me from moving any further steps against the misuse of ( the ) blasphemy law , " he said at the time .
bhatti said he was facing threats on his life , but was not afraid .
" i was told by the religious extremists that if you will make any amendments in this law , you will be killed , " he said .
an american in abu dhabi , he found himself frightened even though the other prisoners were sleeping .
he sat at a table in the common area , waiting for the others to wake , not knowing what the reaction would be to his presence .
black , who has a degree in architecture , three master 's degrees and a doctorate in educational psychology , was in abu dhabi , the capital of united arab emirates , for october 's creative thinkers conference .
he was to present a workshop and emcee the event .
on a tuesday morning , the 70-year-old got up early to take a walk in the neighborhoods near his hotel .
an avid photographer , black took his camera to snap photos of houses and a couple of the mosques he passed .
when he left the second mosque , he was approached by a man in uniform .
he motioned black to get into a camouflaged truck .
" i had no idea what he wanted , " black said , " but never felt threatened so i got in . "
he was driven a short distance to a building with a sign out front that read " reception . "
black asked for clarification , but he was waved away with no further explanation , he said .
he decided to continue his walk .
a few blocks away , he came upon a sign on a lamppost that said in english , " photography forbidden . "
thinking a photo of the sign would make for a novel facebook post , he snapped an image .
a bipartisan group of women senators waded into the ongoing drama over the nfl , ray rice and domestic violence .
the 16 signatories wrote that they were " shocked and disgusted " by the in-elevator video that surfaced of ray rice punching his then-fianceé in an elevator , and they pointed to the allegation that the nfl had possession of the video , which became public monday , when it handed down its original lenient two-game suspension .
" the nfl 's current policy sends a terrible message to players , fans and all americans that even after committing a horrific act of violence , you can quickly be back on the field , " the senators wrote .
" if you violently assault a woman , you should n't get a second chance to play football in the nfl , " the senators wrote .
sen. richard blumenthal , d-connecticut , recently told cnn that he would not " rule out " congressional action to force the nfl 's hand on domestic abuse .
key events in the ray rice episode ex-fbi director to investigate ray rice case
( cnn ) for 10 days following the 2010 haiti earthquake , two cnn colleagues and i lived in a tent hospital run by project medishare .
our hearts ached as we heard the cries of the injured , as we watched surgeons performed amputations without general anesthesia , as people died in front of our eyes .
but , in the midst of this despair , a miracle arrived at project medishare .
look closely at the center of the photo .
this 4-month-old baby had spent four days alone in the rubble and was unconscious and extremely dehydrated .
no one knew if she would live or die .
but look at her now !
her name is jenny , and she 's 5 years old and a pre-kindergartner in miami .
she can write her name and loves to color and dress up as a princess and is adorable and spunky and smart and funny .
here are all the miracles that it took to save her life : 1 .
that someone happened to find jenny in the rubble four days after the quake .
that at a time when vehicles were in short supply , jenny 's rescuers flagged down a car to rush her to the hospital .
they did n't have to sedate her -- jenny was so unconscious she did n't even cry .
( cnn ) -- if your screen looks a little girly on sunday during the miami dolphins-new york jets game , do not adjust your television .
referees will be using pink penalty flags at metlife stadium during the final weekend of breast cancer awareness month .
in a letter to nfl commissioner roger goodell , cano wrote , " my name is dante cano .
i am 11 years old and i am from marlboro , new jersey .
i wanted to know if you could use my idea of pink penalty flags in october for breast cancer awareness . "
high school football player punished for pink he signed it , " please write back . "
goodell said he is looking forward to meeting dante .
" sometimes the simplest ideas can be the best , " goodell said in a statement .
" i applaud dante for sending his recommendation . "
this is the fourth year the national football league nfl has participated in a national breast cancer awareness campaign in association with the american cancer society .
games have featured pink game apparel , on-field ribbon stencils , special game balls and a pink coin .
breast cancer awareness : not so pretty pink
( cnn ) -- one of four former khmer rouge leaders charged with crimes against humanity was ruled unfit to stand trial and could be set free , a spokesman for the special u.n. court in cambodia said thursday .
lars olsen said the extraordinary chambers in the courts of cambodia decided that ieng thirith , the 78-year-old former minister of social affairs in the khmer rouge regime , was " not fit to stand trial as she has dementia . "
prosecutors have 24 hours to object to the court 's decision , olsen said .
if there is no objection , ieng thirith will be released , he added .
opening statements by the defendants are scheduled for monday .
the head of the khmer rouge , pol pot , was known as brother number 1 .
he died in 1998 , long before the u.n.-backed court came into existence .
under pol pot 's leadership , the khmer rouge regime was responsible for the deaths of millions of ordinary cambodians during a four-year reign of terror that was eventually halted in 1979 by invading vietnamese forces .
in 1975 , the khmer rouge ordered people out of phnom penh , the capital , and other cities in cambodia to work in the countryside .
( cnn ) -- steve landesberg , best known for his role as a cerebral detective on the tv sitcom " barney miller , " has died of cancer , his agent said .
he was 65 .
... he will be missed . "
the series ran from 1975 to 1982 .
in addition to his stint on the sitcom , landesberg made guest appearances on a number of shows , including " saturday night live , " " the golden girls " and " law & order . "
he is credited with the quote " honesty is the best policy , but insanity is a better defense , " according to worldofquotes.com .
cnn 's matthew carey contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- the royal canadian mounted police said authorities friday took a fourth person into custody in their ongoing investigation into domestic terrorism .
the rcmp said its integrated national security enforcement team executed a search warrant in ottawa and took one person into custody .
no charges have been filed .
rcmp chief superintendent serge therriault said thursday the three suspects are canadian citizens living in ontario -- hiva mohammad alizadeh , 30 , of ottawa ; misbahuddin ahmed , 26 , of ottawa ; and khurram syed sher , 28 , of london .
the name of the suspect arrested friday has not been released .
alizadeh faces three charges : conspiracy , committing an act for a terrorist group and providing or making available property for terrorist purposes .
canadian federal prosecutor david mckercher told cnn the three charges carry maximum sentences ranging from ten years to life in prison .
the rcmp said the three suspects were arrested under canada 's anti-terrorism act , passed in 2001 .
therriault said that a yearlong investigation found that in addition to forming part of a terror cell , the suspects possessed schematics , videos , drawings , instructions , books and electrical components designed specifically for the construction of improvised explosive devices .
his lawyers monday formally asked a panel of three judges for permission to tour the ship 's bridge and engine room as part of a defense strategy that he says will prove that was not the only person responsible for the disaster .
the unprecedented maneuver , called parbuckling , exposed a twisted mass of metal , dotted with mattresses , passenger luggage and deck chairs on the ship 's previously submerged starboard side .
now that the concordia is upright , there can be further investigation of the captain 's alleged mishandling of the ship .
read more : concordia righted defense lawyers for schettino agreed with lawyers representing more than 200 civil parties against the captain , including giglio island and several passenger and environmental advocacy groups , in asking for a new examination of the ship now that it is upright .
such an examination could include divers going deep into the belly of the vessel to examine whether watertight doors sealed properly , and whether automatic generators functioned .
he also wants to walk the judges through the command bridge in a re-creation of the night of the crash .
half of the command bridge was submerged for 20 months .
the trial began with preliminary hearings last march , but monday was the first time the court heard any substantial evidence in the case .
a panel of maritime experts addressed the role of the indonesian helmsman jacob rusli bin in the accident .
rusli bin and four others were convicted in a plea deal in july for their role in the disaster .
a florence court is considering the validity of those plea bargain agreements .
( cnn ) -- three of four former vanderbilt university football players indicted on charges of rape friday are now in police custody , according to nashville metro police department .
the men were indicted in connection with the alleged rape of a 21-year-old student in a campus dormitory in june and are each facing multiple criminal charges , according to authorities in tennessee .
charged are brandon vandenburg , 20 , of indio , california ; corey batey , 19 , of nashville ; brandon banks , 19 , of brandywine , maryland ; and jaborian mckenzie , 19 , of woodville , mississippi , according to the nashville metropolitan police department .
police said each of the four men is charged with five counts of aggravated rape and two counts of aggravated sexual battery .
vandenburg is also charged with one count of tampering with evidence and one count of unlawful photography .
vandenburg was taken into custody at nashville international airport as he flew back into the city , police said .
he was then taken to the hospital for a state-mandated blood test before being transported to jail .
police said mckenzie turned himself in at nashville police headquarters saturday morning .
he also was taken for the mandatory blood test and is being held in jail on $ 50,000 bond .
late friday afternoon , police officers arrested batey at his nashville home .
he is being held on $ 350,000 bond .
the alleged rape happened in the gillette house dormitory , police said .
in a statement issued friday the university said " our first thoughts are for the victim , a vanderbilt student , and we convey to her and her family our deepest sympathies and sorrow .
we will continue to offer her all of our services and support . "
( cnn ) -- nobody likes politicians .
ever since jimmy carter won his way to the white house in 1976 by assuring voters that they could trust him in contrast to the more experienced opponents he faced , both republican and democratic candidates have tended to boast about every part of their resume that can distinguish themselves from the washington status quo .
through its portrayal of sen. john mccain 's selection of sarah palin , the hbo film " game change " effectively captures just how far political candidates are willing to go to have this appeal .
this year , the story is the same .
although president obama is boasting of his accomplishments in the white house as the nation 's leader , he is also using congress as a foil to lambaste the way that the " real " insiders in the capital do their business .
newt gingrich and rick santorum have tried to transform themselves from pillars of the congressional republican establishment into conservative mavericks , while front-runner mitt romney talks frequently about how he would bring the skills of a ceo to washington .
the problem is that doing well in washington requires a very different kind of skill set than the ones that business executives or mavericks bring to the table .
each of these claims is flawed -- as obama himself discovered -- given the world in which presidents must operate .
presidents govern in a porous world that makes every move and decision visible to the public within a relatively short time span .
constant scrutiny from the media means the president essentially works inside glass walls .
following the news , south carolina sen. lindsey graham , who might make a white house bid , offered the clearest pitch yet for his own candidacy .
" i think i have a unique ability to deal with the threats we face at home and abroad and the challenges here , which is finally getting the government to work and dealing with a dangerous world , " he told reporters on capitol hill .
he said to " stay tuned " for his plans .
" i think there are a lot of people in the donor class who are looking for multiple voices , including jeb 's , and competition is a good thing , " graham said , adding , " he 's got a lot to offer the republican party and the country . "
kentucky sen. rand paul was upbeat about the governor 's announcement .
" i think we 're a big tent  we can use moderates , conservatives , libertarians  we need 'em all , " he told reporters .
" i think the more the merrier  the public will determine " whether bush could win .
and florida sen. marco rubio 's spokesman , alex conant , said while rubio has " a lot of respect " for bush and thinks he 'd make " a formidable candidate , " bush 's decision has no bearing on his own .
" marco 's decision on whether to run for president or re-election will be based on where he can best achieve his agenda to restore the american dream  not on who else might be running , " conant said .
( cnn ) -- the connecticut senate on thursday voted to repeal the death penalty , setting the stage for connecticut to join several states that have recently abolished capital punishment .
california voters will decide the issue in november .
" for everyone , it 's a vote of conscience , " said senate president donald williams jr. , a democrat who says he 's long supported a repeal .
" we have a majority of legislators in connecticut in favor of this so that the energies of our criminal justice system can be focused in a more appropriate manner . "
in 2009 , state lawmakers in both houses tried to pass a similar bill , but were ultimately blocked by then-gov .
capital punishment has existed in connecticut since its colonial days .
but the state was forced to review its death penalty laws beginning in 1972 when a supreme court decision required greater consistency in its application .
a moratorium was then imposed until a 1976 court decision upheld the constitutionality of capital punishment .
since then , connecticut juries have handed down 15 death sentences .
of those , only one person has actually been executed , according to the death penalty information center , a nonpartisan group that studies death penalty laws .
michael ross , a convicted serial killer , was put to death by lethal injection in 2005 after giving up his appeals .
( cnn ) -- baseball 's biggest stars are in new york for tuesday 's all-star game , as the sport says goodbye to one of its most famous landmarks .
joseph cornacchia , left , used to play with babe ruth when he was a kid , his son jim says .
we asked cnn.com readers to share their baseball memories and to tell us about meeting their favorite players .
he said the legendary slugger would come to greenwood lake , new york , during the off season and would visit with his family .
ireport.com : ever met your favorite player ?
cornacchia 's father , joseph , who just turned 76 , would play wintertime games with " the babe " as a child , and even built a snowman with him .
patrick palmer , 43 , has been a yankees fan since he was a kid , even though he grew up in iowa .
" my father was a yankees fan , and it was just handed down through the generations , " he said .
" it was also amazing to shake hands with one of the most feared pitchers of his day , goose gossage , and really see what a gentle person he could be , " see what palmer wrote on ireport.com .
( cnn ) -- a grand jury has brought felony charges against three dallas , texas , police officers who were caught on patrol car dashboard cameras beating a motorcyclist after a chase , prosecutors said thursday .
a third officer , henry duetsch , was charged with third-degree felony of tampering with physical evidence , said jamille bradfield , a spokeswoman for the dallas county district attorney 's office .
bauer was also charged with assault and with official oppression , both misdemeanors .
randolph -- who was fired for failing probation after the incident -- was charged with official oppression and tampering with a governmental record , another felony .
there was no immediate response to the charges from the three defendants .
prosecutors say bauer and randolph spotted collins sitting on his motorcycle on a sidewalk the night of september 5 .
he drove off when the officers shined a spotlight on him , and they began pursuing him .
an internal investigation found that bauer and randolph disregarded an order to stop the chase , with one of the officers saying , " keep us going .
i 'm going to kick the s --- out of him . "
collins eventually stopped , and when the officers spotted him , bauer struck the bike with his patrol car .
randolph beat collins with his baton after collins dropped to all fours , and bauer began hitting and kicking him , police said .
and duetsch , who arrived on the scene after collins had stopped , turned another cruiser 's dashboard camera away from the scene when he arrived .
( cnn ) -- whether they 're raising their adopted baby girl , dodging homophobic quips from their fraternity brothers or teaching the " single ladies " dance to the football team after glee club , it seems gay characters are becoming a vital part of prime time tv .
and characters will continue to identify as lgbt as time goes on , such as " ugly betty 's " justin , who recently had his first same-sex kiss .
but jarrett barrios , president of glaad said , " we still have a long way to go before we 're fully represented [ on ] tv . "
in addition to the increasing number lgbt characters on scripted shows , which currently represents a little more than 3 percent of all leading and supporting characters on broadcast networks , there are also more openly gay actors and producers working in hollywood , says barrios .
like his on-screen role , ferguson himself is openly gay .
" the opportunity to play not only a well developed gay character , but a dad , a son and brother was really appealing to me .
... i chose to play him very close to myself and i think that truthfulness was appealing to the creators , " ferguson told cnn .
however , ferguson says his sexual orientation does not make him any more qualified to tackle a gay role than eric stonestreet , his straight co-star who plays mitchell 's partner cameron .
( cnn ) -- serena williams underlined her status as the overwhelming favorite for the women 's u.s. open title with a crushing " double bagel " win over carla suarez navarro in the quarterfinals of the new york grand slam .
" i played well -- i played really well , " world no. 1 williams told the wta 's official website .
" i was just more focused than anything .
" i like to believe there is always room for improvement though .
i have n't really thought about it yet , but off the bat , i think it was very difficult to hit a big serve today because of the winds , and i did n't get my serve up as much as i wanted to .
but i do n't know .
i do think i definitely played well tonight . "
blog : when should federer quit tennis ?
the american 's latest commanding win means she has lost just 13 games at the tournament ahead of her semifinal meeting with li na , who is appearing in the last four of the year 's final grand slam for the first time after beating russia 's ekaterina makarova .
" i 'm still in the tournament and i 'm not thinking like , ' i 'm really dominant now ' , " added williams .
" i 'm thinking i have a really tough match in the next round and want to do well . "
earlier in the day second seed victoria azarenka , beaten by williams in the 2012 final , won her delayed fourth round match against former world no. 1 ana ivanovic .
( cnn ) -- novak djokovic and andy murray were paired together in the same round robin group when the draw for the atp world tour finals was made saturday in london .
with the exception of early exits in this week 's paris masters , the pair have dominated men 's tennis in the latter part of the season and join tomas berdych of the czech republic and frenchman jo-wilfried tsonga in a tough group a for the end of season finale .
defending champion roger federer , who will officially lose his no. 1 ranking to djokovic monday , heads group b with fourth seed david ferrer of spain , argentina 's juan martin del potro and janko tipsarevic of serbia .
the top two from each group qualify for the semifinal knockout stage at the o2 arena .
murray , who followed up his olympic gold medal in the singles with victory in the u.s. open , where he beat djokovic in an epic final , will play berdych in his opener monday .
" there 's always pressure at all of the major tournaments you play but i feel a little bit more relaxed coming in this year than i have in previous years because i managed to win the u.s. open , " he told press association .
hopefully it 'll get me a few wins . "
murray last met djokovic in another gripping final at the shanghai masters where the serbian came out on top to boost his chances of regaining the no. 1 spot from wimbledon champion federer .
( cnn ) -- as world cup openers go , this was about as bad as it gets for portugal .
thumped 4-0 by germany , one key defender sent off , another possibly out of the tournament with injury and its world player of the year looking decidedly unfit .
real madrid star cristiano ronaldo was n't lacking in effort but was as powerless as those around him to prevent portugal being steamrollered by der mannschaft in salvador .
fellow bayern munich star thomas muller confidently slotted home the penalty .
it was 2-0 when mats hummels thumped a header into the net from toni kroos ' corner .
just five minutes later , real madrid defender pepe tangled with muller , who sank theatrically to the turf claiming a hand to the face .
pepe then stood over his opponent and pushed his head towards muller 's , the referee producing a straight red card .
muller then struck just before the interval to put the game well beyond portugal , pouncing on a loose ball inside the area to fire past rui patricio .
portugal made a change at the break , as ricardo costa replaced miguel veloso , but it made little difference as germany continued to press home their advantage .
mesut ozil , who plays for arsenal , should have found the net when played through on goal but he hit his shot straight at patricio .
( cnn ) -- those who knew maya angelou and others inspired by her life , wisdom and words were remembering her wednesday .
" phenomenal woman " -- the title of angelou 's poem celebrating the strength of women -- quickly trended worldwide on twitter .
celebrity tweets also included " true inspiration , " " hero " and " national treasure . "
others needed more than twitter 's 140 characters to express their personal loss .
legendary author maya angelou dies at age 86 -- oprah winfrey called angelou her " mentor , mother/sister , and friend since my 20 's . "
" she was there for me always , guiding me through some of the most important years of my life , " winfrey said .
' when you learn , teach .
when you get , give ' is one of my best lessons from her . "
" she won three grammys , spoke six languages and was the second poet in history to recite a poem at a presidential inauguration .
but what stands out to me most about maya angelou is not what she has done or written or spoken , it 's how she lived her life .
she moved through the world with unshakeable calm , confidence and a fierce grace i loved her and i know she loved me .
i will profoundly miss her .
she will always be the rainbow in my clouds . "
-- president barack obama called angelou " one of the brightest lights of our time -- a brilliant writer , a fierce friend , and a truly phenomenal woman . "
" but above all , she was a storyteller -- and her greatest stories were true .
a childhood of suffering and abuse actually drove her to stop speaking -- but the voice she found helped generations of americans find their rainbow amidst the clouds , and inspired the rest of us to be our best selves .
in fact , she inspired my own mother to name my sister maya . "
just before noon , the @cnnbrk account topped 10 million followers on twitter .
that puts our twitter account in the company of lady gaga , president barack obama and cristiano ronaldo .
to mark the occasion , it 's worth reflecting how we got here .
" testing " is what james cox tweeted in january 2007 .
the account started to grow and gain attention .
journalist and fellow developer brian boyer posted this to his blog back in 2008 : " @cnnbrk ai n't cnn but with > 30k followers , he owns the brand . "
cox wrote a response to that post : " i 've been in contact with cnn -- they wo n't sue , i 'm fairly sure , however i 'm constantly dealing with the problem of confusion -- users still think that @cnnbrk is an official feed , therefore making me a defacto cnn employee , which is a problem . "
we did n't sue , but we did work out a deal to get the handle .
as we celebrate reaching the 10-million-follower mark , cox is the first person we should thank .
the second person to thank , naturally , is ashton kutcher .
in 2009 , he challenged cnn to a competition to see who could first reach 1 million followers .
kutcher won .
at more than 13 million followers , @aplusk is still in the lead .
we have a simple approach to @cnnbrk , and we believe that 's one of the keys to its success .
breaking news , from an organization that built its brand on breaking news .
straight up .
they also shared a dream to visit " the happiest place on earth " -- disneyland .
violet , now 4 , jumped at the idea , appearing in a heartwarming video posted on youtube .
the video has been viewed more than 100,000 times since being posted on thursday , and it 's drawing unusually positive comments for the video platform , which is notorious for its anonymous , at-times snarky commenters .
dressed in the same glittering cinderella costume she wore on her own make-a-wish trip , violet twirls around her bedroom , bubbling with excitement .
" you 're going to disneyland ! "
danielle ouellette , juniper 's mother , says her daughter cheered when she saw the video .
" she was super excited to see violet and she knows what disneyland is , so she got really excited , " she said .
the girls met in november 2013 and became treatment buddies at seattle children 's hospital while battling retinoblastoma , a cancer that forms in the eye 's retina .
violet lives in gig harbor , washington , and juniper lives in everett .
the girls formed an instant bond when they first met , violet 's mother , shenay spataro , said .
" they just hugged each other for so long .
danielle [ juniper 's mother ] and i were both in tears , " she said .
( cnn ) -- so there was hank aaron , leaning back in his chair during an exclusive cnn interview in the clubhouse of an atlanta golf club , and the former slugger of the atlanta braves was fretting over the spot .
what 's going to happen to the spot , he said , raising his eyebrows ?
just like that , babe ruth 's record was history .
so is the spot -- almost .
for now , the spot is preserved in a parking lot that once was atlanta fulton-county stadium , where aaron sealed his immortality with his high-arching blast over the fence in left-center field .
the spot is surrounded by part of the old ballpark 's outfield wall , and high above the spot is a large baseball-shaped placard with the inscription : hank aaron , home run , 715 , april 8 , 1974 .
the whole scene is illuminated by lights .
as a result , those traveling across the street to the braves ' current place of turner field can see the spot as they either walk through or drive by the parking lot at night .
" i 'd hate for that mark to be destroyed , " said aaron , shaking his head while looking visibly distraught .
" in fact , i 've gone out there with several people and taken pictures at that spot . "
think gettysburg .
tranquility base .
what aaron did 40 years ago tuesday with a flick of his quick wrists was as much for society as it was for baseball .
just 27 years after jackie robinson broke the game 's color barrier , aaron was a black man from mobile , alabama , shattering the most sacred of records , not only for baseball , but for sports .
the old mark belonged to a white man who was so beloved that he is credited with helping to save the game during the 1920s .
editor 's note : sunny hostin is a legal analyst for cnn and is also a managing director of business intelligence and investigations at kroll inc .
previously , hostin served as an assistant u.s. attorney in washington , d.c. , where she received a special achievement award for her work as a child sex crimes prosecutor .
she also served as a trial attorney for the u.s. department of justice 's antitrust division .
( cnn ) -- we finally heard from ashley dupre -- or " kristin " as former new york gov. eliot spitzer knew her .
but did we really hear much ?
i did n't .
i wanted to know more about eliot spitzer , the man .
a john .
i wanted to know how he got such a sweetheart deal .
but when diane sawyer during her " 20/20 " interview got even close to that topic , dupre replied , " legally i 've been advised not to discuss that . "
if she has nothing in writing , she has to be careful .
but what was striking about what i did hear was that ashley dupre is no different than the many prostitutes i had met during my time as a prosecutor .
dallas ( cnn ) -- polygamist leader warren jeffs remained in critical condition in a texas hospital on tuesday , but was not in a coma and is expected to recover , state prison officials said .
jeffs fell ill while fasting in a prison in palestine , texas , where he is serving a life-plus-20-year term for sexual assault , texas department of criminal justice spokesman jason clark said .
but while a source familiar with jeffs ' condition told cnn monday that the leader of the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saints was in a coma , clark said tuesday that jeffs was conscious .
" he 's somewhat sedated , but he is responsive , " clark wrote .
and michelle lyons , another press officer for the department , said jeffs " is expected to make a full recovery . "
lyons said that in addition to not eating , he had " bigger issues that required medical attention . "
prison officials have not elaborated on those conditions , citing inmate privacy rules .
his church is a breakaway mormon sect that practices polygamy , which the mainstream mormon church renounced more than a century ago .
jeffs was sent to a hospital in tyler on sunday night and was in critical but stable condition tuesday .
" while he definitely is eating and drinking some , it just was n't as much as he should , " clark said .
( rollingstone.com ) -- ellie goulding emerged in 2010 with a one-two punch : first , her ( still-rising ) helium-voiced hit " lights , " then , an elegant read of elton john 's " your song " that led to a gig at prince william 's wedding .
as cinderella stories go , it 's a good one .
but as a 25-year-old adept who dresses rave-y hooks in folk-rock tunefulness and art-pop filigree , goulding earned her glass slippers .
" halcyon , " her second lp , pumps up her sound as befitting a court musician .
the single " anything could happen " has the london community gospel choir swooping around staccato piano and club beats ; elsewhere she 's multitracked into a one-woman choir .
if the songwriting does n't quite measure up to u.k. art-pop divas like kate bush , the hooks always go to town , and her voice -- dolly parton-dazzling in the upper register -- mates gorgeously with electronics , swirling around itself on the title track , morphing through synthscapes on " do n't say a word . "
" i need your love , " a bangin ' collab with scottish rave-op master calvin harris ( rihanna 's " we found love " ) , gets slotted as a " bonus cut , " maybe to avoid confusing the more genteel fans .
but goulding 's magic is in her multitasking .
miami , florida ( cnn ) -- a florida man who admitted to the near-fatal beating of his two-year-old son while teaching him how to box remained behind bars thursday , facing felony charges .
lee willie dejesus , 23 , of homestead , appeared in court wednesday night wearing a green protective vest reserved for those on suicide watch , reported cnn affiliate wfor .
a judge denied him bail .
dejesus ' son was on life support thursday , said ed griffith , spokesman for the miami-dade state attorney 's office .
griffith said it was his understanding that the child was being kept on life support so his organs could be donated .
dejesus is charged with aggravated child abuse with great harm , a first-degree felony , and aggravated child neglect with great harm , a second-degree felony .
griffith said once prosecutors are notified the child has been taken off life support and pronounced dead , they are poised to file first-degree murder charges against dejesus .
miami-dade police said dejesus was watching the child while his mother was at work monday night .
he told police that he put on boxing gloves and struck the child about 15 times on his face , head , torso and shoulders over a period of 15 minutes , punching him so hard at one point that the boy fell off the bed and struck his head on the tile floor .
the child was rushed to children 's hospital where he underwent surgery for bleeding on the brain .
a criminal complaint alleges that dejesus waited to call for medical help for as long as an hour after the boy became unresponsive .
it 's not the occupy wall street protesters yelling " mic check " who are bugging newt gingrich at his events these days .
it 's the attack ads occupying the airwaves in iowa .
the answer : " newt gingrich 's baggage . "
in the ad , luggage bearing the names of the former speaker 's past liabilities then spills out onto an airline baggage carousel .
" newt has more baggage than the airlines , " the ad says .
the spot does n't mention gingrich 's personal baggage .
but it might as well .
gingrich has demanded that romney call on the super pac to pull its negative ads .
i object to negative smear campaigns , " gingrich said tuesday .
but romney makes no apologies .
" if you ca n't stand the relatively modest heat in the kitchen right now , wait until obama 's hell 's kitchen shows up , " romney said in new hampshire on wednesday .
unfortunately for the former speaker , it 's about to get hotter .
the 2012 campaign is now a high stakes version of pac-man .
in the battle of romney versus gingrich , guess who the ghost is ?
the restore our future super pac is not only run by former romney political operatives .
it also is funded in large part by big donors who still work at romney 's former investment firm , bain capital .
none of this is a mystery to gingrich .
" we need to understand that these are his people , running his ads , doing his dirty work , while he pretends to be above it , " gingrich said tuesday .
madrid , spain ( cnn ) -- a spanish court says it is investigating an alleged " crime against humanity " involving israel for its 2002 bombing in gaza that killed 15 people and wounded 150 others .
the case names former israeli defense minister benjamin ben-eliezer and six other israelis .
he said he learned about the court 's decision through a phone call from cnn .
the national court previously has taken on other high-profile human rights cases outside of spain , such as charges against former chilean dictator augusto pinochet and more recently against former military leaders of el salvador .
the court argues that if a potential human rights crime is not being investigated by the country in question , spain can proceed , under international law .
the israeli case involves the july 22 , 2002 bombing in gaza of the home of a suspected hamas commander , salah shehadeh , the seven-page court order said .
the blast killed him , but also members of a palestinian family , whose last name is mattar .
they lived next door .
hyannis , massachusetts ( cnn ) -- family and close friends of eunice kennedy shriver attended a friday morning funeral for the sister of the late president john f. kennedy .
shriver , a champion of the disabled who founded the special olympics , died tuesday at age 88 .
a private funeral service was held at saint francis xavier roman catholic church in hyannis , massachusetts .
before the service began , special olympians carried the special olympics torch into the church , a family statement said .
they took part in a procession toward the church , followed by the hearse and the shriver family walking behind .
watch maria shriver pay tribute to her mother » the funeral follows a public wake and prayer service that was held thursday at our lady of victory roman catholic church in centerville , massachusetts .
details about her private burial will not released until after shriver is laid to rest .
born on july 10 , 1921 , in brookline , massachusetts , shriver was the fifth of nine children of joseph p. and rose fitzgerald kennedy .
she emerged from the long shadow of siblings john kennedy , robert kennedy and sen. edward kennedy as the founder of the special olympics , which started as a summer day camp in her backyard in 1962 .
today , 3.1 million people with mental disabilities participate in 228 programs in 170 nations , according to the special olympics .
" eunice is now with god in heaven .
my sister jean and i , and our entire family , will miss her with all our hearts , " edward kennedy , who is battling brain cancer , said on his web site .
( cnn ) -- sarah mclachlan , the grammy award winning singer and songwriter whose ballads helped so many of us through heartache , breakups and loss , was barely out of her teenage years when her first album was released back in 1988 .
now , she 's a 46-year-old divorced mom of two girls touring the country to promote her seventh full-length solo album , called " shine on . "
" i 'm a whole hell of a lot older , " she joked , when i asked her , during a casual conversation at cnn 's studios earlier this week , how much her life has changed .
mclachlan credits her success in the '90s , fueled by memorable hits such as " i will remember you " and " angel , " with allowing her to take time off , have children and be a full-time parent .
" they 're the great leveler because they could n't care less what it is that i do for a living , " she said with a laugh .
the three-time grammy award winner and canadian-born singer did n't quite set out on her career to empower women , but that 's what she 's done .
she spearheaded the lilith fair , a concert tour comprised of only female artists and female-led bands in the late 1990s and again in 2010 , which raised millions for charities .
during our mom-to-mom chat , we talked about her biggest worries as a parent , what she admires about the singer lorde and why her sex life is thriving .
( cnn ) -- doc watson , the bluegrass music legend from appalachia who was renowned for his flatpicking and fingerstyle technique on the acoustic guitar , died tuesday at a hospital in north carolina , according to mary katherine aldin of folklore productions , which represented the singer .
he was 89 .
watson , a grammy winning musician who was blinded after birth , had been struggling to recover from may 24 colon surgery and then a followup procedure two days later .
the winston-salem journal had reported that watson 's family was called to his bedside sunday at wake forest baptist medical center after he took a turn for the worse .
the website of folklore productions , which is run by the singer 's representative , mitch greenhill , had been providing updates on his difficult recovery .
watson , who jumped onto the music scene in the early 1960s , is considered influential among folk musicians for his brand of bluegrass , blues , country and gospel music .
he won seven grammy awards and , in 2004 , a grammy lifetime achievement award .
he was inducted into the north carolina music hall of fame in 2010 .
" watson 's immense talent and spirit will be deeply missed , and our sincerest sympathies go out to his family , friends and all who were inspired by his music , " said a statement from neil portnow , president/ceo of the recording academy , which awards the grammys .
watson , whose mother sang around the house and whose father was a banjo player and vocalist who led the singing at their baptist church , was a fingerstyle player who used a thumbpick for bass and a fingerpick for the treble strings -- a " two-finger " style that was self-taught .
( cnn ) -- a flurry of last-minute legal maneuvers tuesday spared , for now , the life of john ferguson , a florida death row inmate who suffers from mental illness and at one point called himself the ' prince of god . '
ferguson , a diagnosed schizophrenic convicted of killing eight people , was scheduled to get the lethal injection tuesday at 6 p.m. et at a florida state prison .
but an appeals court in atlanta granted an emergency stay of execution tuesday night .
florida officials then asked the supreme court to allow the lethal injection to proceed .
just before midnight the high court denied florida 's request , keeping in place the stay of execution , according to court documents .
some had questioned why authorities would kill a man who suffered from mental illness .
laurel bellows , the president of the american bar association , released a statement earlier tuesday saying she was concerned about how thoroughly ferguson 's competency was evaluated .
" the american bar association is alarmed that florida is poised to execute john ferguson , a man diagnosed as severely mentally ill for more than 40 years , before the constitutionality of his execution is fully evaluated . "
chris handman , one of ferguson 's attorneys , told cnn .
" we think the court should intervene to stop that execution from going forward . "
handman said a court had earlier found that ferguson was mentally ill and had delusions that caused him to think he is the " prince of god . "
ferguson is on death row for the murders of eight people in hialeah and carol city , florida , in the late 1970s .
washington ( cnn ) -- u.s. defense secretary robert gates announced a 2010 pentagon budget monday that reflects major changes in the " scope and significance " of defense department priorities .
gates acknowledged that parts of the budget are likely to run into significant opposition on capitol hill , where lawmakers are concerned in part about preserving valuable defense contracts for their districts and states .
" this is a reform budget , reflecting lessons learned in iraq and afghanistan , " gates said .
he called on congress to " rise above parochial interests and consider what is in the best interests of the nation as a whole . "
house armed service chairman ike skelton , d-missouri , acknowledged that congressmen have concerns about job losses in their home districts but said that ultimately , " the national interest overrides anything . "
" the buck stops with us , " he said .
three key priorities are reflected in the changes , gates said .
the priorities are a stronger institutional commitment to the military 's all-volunteer force , a decision to " rebalance " defense programs to better fight current and future conflicts , and " fundamental overhauls " of the military 's procurement , acquisition and contracting process .
miami , florida ( cnn ) -- a florida man who admitted to the near-fatal beating of his two-year-old son while teaching him how to box remained behind bars thursday , facing felony charges .
lee willie dejesus , 23 , of homestead , appeared in court wednesday night wearing a green protective vest reserved for those on suicide watch , reported cnn affiliate wfor .
a judge denied him bail .
dejesus ' son was on life support thursday , said ed griffith , spokesman for the miami-dade state attorney 's office .
dejesus is charged with aggravated child abuse with great harm , a first-degree felony , and aggravated child neglect with great harm , a second-degree felony .
griffith said once prosecutors are notified the child has been taken off life support and pronounced dead , they are poised to file first-degree murder charges against dejesus .
miami-dade police said dejesus was watching the child while his mother was at work monday night .
he told police that he put on boxing gloves and struck the child about 15 times on his face , head , torso and shoulders over a period of 15 minutes , punching him so hard at one point that the boy fell off the bed and struck his head on the tile floor .
the child was rushed to children 's hospital where he underwent surgery for bleeding on the brain .
a criminal complaint alleges that dejesus waited to call for medical help for as long as an hour after the boy became unresponsive .
he eventually called 911 after the boy 's lips became blue , according to the complaint .
new york ( cnn ) -- two new york men accused of brutally beating an openly gay man have been indicted on hate crime charges , authorities said .
if convicted , both men face up to 25 years in prison .
police say the two men shouted " anti-gay remarks " while viciously beating victim jack price , 49 , as he left a 24-hour deli on college point boulevard in queens in october 2009 .
after the assault , the two men stole price 's wallet and other personal property from his pockets .
price was treated at new york hospital medical center of queens for a broken jaw , several broken ribs , two collapsed lungs and a lacerated spleen .
aleman and rodriguez are being held without bail .
their arraignment is scheduled for january 25 .
ted kasapis , attorney for rodriguez , said he does n't believe prosecutors will be able to prove " any hate crimes here . "
an attorney for aleman could not be reached for comment .
" i was just putting together an old family story ... and these serendipitous events happened , and we accidentally caught him , " pellett , of bellevue , washington , told cnn in a phone interview wednesday .
that " old family story " focuses on two men : clarence pellet -- a grandfather that clem pellett never knew -- and a drifter named frank dryman .
the hitchhiker was dryman , then a 19-year-old drifter who was carrying a loaded gun that , according to the state , he used to shoot and kill clarence pellett on the side of windswept montana road .
dryman took the car and drove to canada , where he was later arrested for the murder , according to the montana department of corrections .
after several trials and appeals , dryman was convicted in montana and sentenced to life in prison , then paroled in 1969 , according to state records .
less than two years after his parole , dryman was listed by the montana department of corrections as " absconded . "
he had disappeared .
and that is where the " old family story " stopped for nearly 40 years , until last year when clem pellett came across some old newspapers clippings of the murder , which had occurred two years before he was born .
the assessors will help the judge decide the verdict .
south africa does not have jury trials .
pistorius killed steenkamp on valentine 's day last year .
of that , there is no doubt .
but was it murder ?
on friday , one of the country 's shrewdest defense lawyers , barry roux , was scheduled to begin convincing a judge that it was n't .
the verdict will hinge on two questions : did the olympic sprinter know his girlfriend was behind the door in the bathroom of his house when he fired four hollow-point bullets through it in the middle of the night ?
and if he did not -- if he thought she was a burglar , as he insists -- did he act as a reasonable person would have ?
critical testimony will come from the only living person who was in the house at the time , the " blade runner " himself .
pistorius was expected to take the stand for the first time friday to give his side of a story he 's been telling for more than a year .
he woke up in the middle of the night , went to his balcony to bring in a fan -- or two fans , in his most recent version -- heard his bathroom window opening , took his gun , went to the bathroom and fired through the door when he heard a noise in the toilet .
the man who dared to boldly go where no one had gone before has revealed that he ca n't go as many places as he used to .
" i 'm doing ok , " leonard nimoy tweeted friday .
love my life , family , friends and followers . "
nimoy announced last week that he has been diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease -- 30 years after having given up cigarettes .
" not soon enough , " tweeted the 82-year-old actor and director who played spock , the half-human science officer aboard the starship enterprise from 1966 to 1969 on the tv series " star trek " and in movies during the decades since .
" i have copd .
copd is the third-leading cause of death in the united states -- after heart disease and cancer -- and smoking is responsible for the vast majority of cases , he said .
some 12 million people in the united states have been diagnosed with the disease , and perhaps another 12 million have it , but do n't know , he said , adding that about 30 % of people who smoke will get clinically significant copd .
" the mystery really is why everybody does n't get it . "
( cnn ) -- if this is an indication of what roger federer will do at wimbledon , his opponents had better watch out .
the only other time federer did n't drop a game in a match was at the year-end championships in 2005 against clay-court specialist gaston gaudio .
" you never go to court aiming for such a score , " federer , who turns 32 in august , told reporters .
" i 'm surprised to have managed it today . "
at wimbledon , which begins on june 24 , federer will be bidding to advance to a first grand slam final since claiming a seventh title on the wimbledon grass a year ago .
he lost to tomas berdych in the u.s. open quarterfinals last september , andy murray in january 's australian open semifinals and jo-wilfried tsonga in this month 's french open quarterfinals .
he meets local favorite and the man who beat him in last year 's final in halle , tommy haas , in the last four .
" i expect a completely different opponent tomorrow , " federer said .
haas and federer , good friends , played doubles together this week in halle .
" he is one of the greatest of all time , perhaps the greatest , " said haas .
but he was the only german winner on the day .
besides zverev , sixth-seed philipp kohlschreiber and eighth-seed florian mayer were also sent packing .
orlando , florida ( cnn ) -- tiger woods ' mother-in-law , barbro holmberg , was released from a hospital in " good condition " tuesday afternoon , hours after she was admitted , a hospital spokesman said .
holmberg -- the mother of woods ' wife , elin nordegren -- was admitted to health central hospital in ocoee , florida , early tuesday morning for stomach pain .
hospital spokesman dan yates said that holmberg , a regional governor in sweden , was resting at woods ' home after being released around 2 p.m. et .
yates would not comment further on holmberg 's hospital stay , saying only that she was in a " good state and feeling much better . "
health central hospital is the same hospital where woods was taken after he crashed his sports utility vehicle into a fire hydrant and a tree outside his mansion near windermere on november 27 .
eva malmborg , a spokeswoman for gavleborg county , where holmberg is governor , told cnn that she had been taken to the florida hospital because of abdominal pain .
" she is , after the circumstances , well , " malmborg said .
" we count on her being back at work on monday . "
there has been no comment on wood 's web site regarding his mother-in-law 's difficulties .
woods , 33 , who tops the sport 's world rankings , has been mired in controversy since the crash , which prompted authorities to cite him for careless driving and fine him $ 164 .
woods was not required to talk to police about the wreck , and declined to talk with investigators on several occasions .
( cnn ) -- julia roberts , star of the new movie " eat , pray , love , " which tells the story of a soul-searching character , is now a practicing hindu .
roberts , in an interview with elle magazine , says she worships with her husband , cameraman danny moder , and their three children , people.com says .
the family , she told elle , goes to temple together to " chant and pray and celebrate .
i 'm definitely a practicing hindu . "
roberts grew up in georgia , the daughter of christian parents .
other celebrities who have practiced hinduism include former beatle george harrison , author j.d. salinger and nfl player ricky williams .
" it 's unfortunate that we live in such a panicked , dysmorphic society where women do n't even give themselves a chance to see what they 'll look like as older persons , " she says .
the star of " pretty woman " and " erin brokovich " also spoke about her relationship with her family .
" you make these people and you love them and you want them around for a thousand years , " she said about her three kids -- 3-year-old henry and 5-year-old twins phinnaeus and hazel .
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- the los angeles coroner 's chief investigator revisited the office of michael jackson 's dermatologist wednesday , even though the coroner announced last week his " thorough and comprehensive " report was completed .
winter , who also visited klein 's office on july 14 , said the doctor 's staff and lawyers cooperated with his requests .
garo ghazarian , one of klein 's two lawyers on the scene , said the doctor did not meet with winter .
" they had inquiries born out of information they wanted to corroborate , " ghazarian said .
ghazarian said he was added to klein 's legal team " to take a look and see if there 's any cause for concern in light of media reports " that investigators were considering criminal charges against him .
" i have seen no cause for concern on behalf of my client , dr. arnold klein , " ghazarian said .
the coroner 's office said more than a week ago that a " thorough and comprehensive " report into the death of michael jackson is complete , but police have requested that the report not be released yet because of the ongoing criminal investigation .
the coroner 's office said it would abide by the request that " the cause and manner of death remain confidential , " and referred all questions to the los angeles police department .
winter would not say what prompted the coroner 's office to revisit its conclusions .
former presidents and political rivals bill clinton and george h.w. bush now share philanthropic efforts .
former presidents george h.w. bush and bill clinton appeared together at a question-and-answer forum before the national automobile dealers association in new orleans , louisiana .
asked his biggest regret after leaving office , bush said he now wonders whether he should have tried to get saddam hussein to leave office at the end of the first gulf war in 1991 .
he told the gathering , " i 've thought a lot about it , but at the end of desert storm , the question was should we have kind of kept going on that road to death and all this slaughter until saddam hussein showed up and laid his sword on the table , surrendered .
but he said a conversation with an fbi agent who interrogated saddam after he was captured has made him reconsider .
bush recalled their talk , " i said , ' what if we just say he has to come to surrender , would he have done it ? '
and this guy said , ' i 'm absolutely convinced he would have . '
my experts tell me he would n't have . "
he added , " if we had tried to get saddam hussein to come and literally surrender and put his sword on the table , i think it might have been avoided some of the problems that we did have in the future from him . "
( cnn ) -- three men were sentenced to prison for forcing an african-american man out of a south carolina convenience store , threatening him with a chainsaw and stealing his car , an incident the department of justice said was fueled by hate .
the three pleaded guilty in december to conspiring to deprive and depriving dahndra " ervin " moore of his right to engage in a federally protected activity -- entering the convenience store -- and also to conspiring to carjack and carjacking his car , authorities said .
the elder blue also pleaded guilty to depriving two other people , both white , of their right to engage in a federally protected activity and using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence against those two .
the defendants admitted that the elder blue " forcibly escorted " moore out of a marlboro county , south carolina , store known as the stop and shop after he entered to use the restroom , the statement said .
" once outside , the elder blue forced the victim to the ground and blue jr. threatened the victim with a chainsaw while a small crowd watched , " according to the department of justice statement .
while the attack was occurring , talbert stole moore 's car , authorities said .
later , the elder blue used a pistol to threaten two white men who he thought were trying to help the victim , including one who showed up to retrieve moore 's car .
washington ( cnn ) -- the pentagon general counsel threatened legal action thursday against a former navy seal who wrote a revealing book about last year 's osama bin laden raid , warning him he has violated secrecy agreements and broken federal law .
in a letter addressed to " mark owen , " the pen name of book author matt bissonnette , general counsel jeh charles johnson wrote the pentagon is considering pursuing " all remedies legally available " against the former seal and his publisher , penguin putnam .
further public dissemination of your book will aggravate your breach and violation of your agreements , " johnson wrote .
the book is called " no easy day " and is a gripping account of the navy seal raid on bin laden 's compound in pakistan last year that ended in the death of the world 's most notorious terrorist leader .
the story sheds more light on the now famous skill and daring of the seals .
but the book 's very existence stoked controversy because members of the elite unit do n't usually divulge details of their operations .
the book is one of several accounts about the operation to have surfaced after last year 's raid .
they wanted to see a copy , a defense department official said , to make sure no classified information would be released and to see if the book contained any information that might identify other team members .
fans leave flowers and mementos in honor of kurt cobain near his seattle home .
" thank you for inspiring me , " says another .
fifteen years ago wednesday , at a house adjacent to the park , kurt cobain 's dead body was discovered by an electrician .
the nirvana frontman , 27 , had committed suicide , police later ruled , killing himself with a shotgun while high on heroin and pills .
his death ended a battle with hard drugs and added cobain to a long list of legendary musicians , such as jimi hendrix and janis joplin , whose careers were cut short by their addictions .
cobain 's ashes were reportedly scattered in a washington state river and a new york buddhist temple .
nirvana band mates krist novoselic and dave grohl eventually formed other bands .
cobain 's widow , courtney love , stayed in the limelight with an acting career and legal problems surrounding her own drug problems .
frances bean , the couple 's daughter , has largely lived outside the public eye .
what was unclear when cobain died was whether the music nirvana created would endure or fade away like the grunge craze it helped to inspire .
" at one point i thought , 15 years on , no one would really know who kurt cobain was outside of a group of diehard fans , " said jeff burlingame , a cobain biographer who grew up with the musician in aberdeen , washington , and knew him when he was a teenager who , without a place to sleep , crashed on mutual friends ' couches .
( cnn ) -- " veronica mars " was canceled after only three seasons in 2007 , leaving fans hungry for some kind of closure .
while creator rob thomas and kristen bell have teased the idea of a " veronica mars " movie in the years since , that possibility seemed to die when the studio passed on the project .
but fans -- or " marshmallows " as they 're known -- would n't let executives keep their beloved characters from them a second time and saved the project by donating more than $ 5.7 million to a kickstarter campaign for the film earlier this year , reaching far more than the $ 2 million warner bros. required to make the movie .
( time warner is the parent company of both warner bros. and cnn ) .
" veronica mars " the movie is now in production and will be released in theaters in 2014 .
thomas , bell and the rest of the cast came to comic-con to share never-before-seen footage from the film with fans and backers .
in the movie , veronica returns to her hometown of neptune , california , for a high school reunion , bringing all the old characters back together .
( cnn ) -- ohio state 's former marching band director is speaking out for the first time since the university fired him over the band 's overly sexual culture .
jonathan waters was fired in july after a university investigation concluded he " should have known about sexual harassment that created a hostile environment . "
waters told cnn affiliate wbns on tuesday that he was " absolutely shocked by the one-sidedness of the report , " and called his firing a " rush to judgment . "
he also said that despite the school 's conclusion to the contrary , he was sanitizing the marching band 's historically tawdry culture that he first experienced as a sousaphone player in the 1990s .
the investigation 's report , released july 23 , told of bawdy band member nicknames and risquã © traditions such as the " midnight ramp , " in which band members entered the stadium through a ramp wearing only their underwear .
" you know he experienced inappropriate behavior as a rookie band member himself .
he was deeply affected by it and that 's why as band director he did everything he could to stop anything inappropriate , " he said .
the attorney said waters " left the band with a far improved culture from the one that he inherited , " and slammed the report that ousted him .
the u.s. star made a return to action earlier in december at the hero world challenge , the tournament he hosts every year at his home course of isleworth in florida .
writing on his end of year blog , woods said : " i 'm mostly excited about being healthy again .
i 've struggled for the past year-and-half with my back , and it showed in my results .
" even though i won five times two years ago , it was hit or miss some weeks and got progressively worse .
now that it feels healthy , strong and stable , it 's fun to be able to play with my kids again , to play soccer and run around with them , shoot hoops ... things that i used to do and took for granted .
" for anybody who has ever had a bad back with nerve damage , it 's downright debilitating .
to not feel that is finally just incredible relief . "
woods , who won the last of his major titles in 2008 , will spend the holiday season with his children and partner , lindsey vonn .
( cnn ) -- five blasts went off in the nigerian city of jos friday night as residents were celebrating christmas eve , leaving 31 dead , a regional government official said .
choji gyang , a special adviser to the governor of nigeria 's plateau state , said two bombs went off in the angwa rukuba area of jos. within five to 20 minutes , three more blasts happened in the area of kabong , he said .
" we have a lot of casualties and are struggling to cope , " gyang said .
hassan john , a jos resident and journalist with the media department of the anglican diocese of jos , had just come out of church about 7 p.m. ( 1 p.m. et ) when he heard the sound of the first explosion .
he rushed to the site , which he described as a beer parlor frequented by locals .
" by the time i got there , there were women crying , people screaming .
it was all chaos , people were screaming , blood everywhere . "
he added that a second blast went off within a couple of minutes after the first one .
" we can not say if there are more bodies under the rubble because it was dark , " john said .
gyang , who is special adviser on religious affairs to the governor , said it was unclear who set off the blasts or whether they were related .
people were still preparing for christmas , lots of people were coming into town .
a blast went off , those around the area -- some were killed , some injured and the houses and cars caught fire , " gyang said .
he said he received reports of " a lot of dead bodies . "
how to react to iran 's new smiley-faced president , hassan rouhani ?
smile back , but do n't stop squeezing iran with sanctions .
he has released some political prisoners .
he sent new year 's greetings to jews in iran and around the world .
he took a phone call from the president of the united states .
does any of this portend real change in iran ?
the case for skepticism is strong .
none of the regime has changed in any way .
iran continues to make mischief through the region , most horrifically by supporting the brutal actions of the bashar al-assad regime in syria .
as far as anyone can tell , iran pursues nuclear weapons as determinedly as ever .
an early supporter of the ayatollah khomeini , rouhani held senior positions in the iranian state during the regime 's most vicious period of international terrorism , the early 1990s - the years in which iranian-backed terrorists carried out assassinations in berlin and paris and carried out two terrible bombings of jewish targets in buenos aires , killing 114 people and wounding nearly a thousand more .
as iran 's chief nuclear negotiator in the 2000s , rouhani nimbly evaded international efforts to achieve a peaceful end to the country 's drive for weapons of mass death .
more fundamentally , the president of iran does not govern the country 's national security system .
the military and the secret police answer to the supreme leader , the ayatollah khameini , who has very emphatic geopolitical ideas of his own .
compared with all that , a cheerful tweet and a few words of condemnation of nazi crimes do n't seem much of an offset .
tunis ( cnn ) tunisian president beji caid essebsi confirmed that a third person took part in last week 's bardo museum terror attack in an interview sunday with french tv station itele .
" there were for certain three terrorists , " essebsi said .
he will not get far . "
previously two suspects had been identified -- yassine labidi and saber khachnaou -- though it was n't immediately clear if they were the pair killed at the museum by tunisian security forces .
the development came a day after the bodies of four italian tourists slain in the attack arrived back in italy , an official with the tunis crisis center told cnn , but 14 victims ' remains still lie in the morgue .
nineteen of them were tourists who 'd been on two cruise ships that docked in tunis .
french , spanish , italian , british , japanese , russian and colombian citizens are among those to have been formally identified so far .
eleven people who were injured in the attack remained in the hospital in tunisia on saturday , the official at the tunis crisis center said .
( cnn ) -- robert zimmerman jr. , the brother of the man who shot and killed 17-year-old trayvon martin , apologized for his controversial and offensive tweets .
in one , zimmerman juxtaposed a photograph of martin with one of 17-year-old de'marquise elkins , one of two teenagers charged with killing a baby in georgia .
both elkins and martin appear to be flipping off the camera .
" a picture speaks a thousand words .
any questions ? "
the tweet reads .
in another tweet , zimmerman writes : " lib media shld ask if what these2 black teens did 2 a woman & baby is the reason ppl think blacks mightb risky . "
speaking on cnn 's piers morgan live on wednesday night , he apologized for the messages , saying they were n't the " right thing to do . "
i 'm being upfront about what i did .
5 things to know about the case his brother , george zimmerman , has been charged with second-degree murder .
zimmerman acknowledged shooting martin but said it was in self-defense .
attorneys for martin 's family have accused zimmerman of racially profiling martin and shooting him " in cold blood . "
robert zimmerman jr. said he was trying to make a larger point in his tweets about the " media and their honesty in portraying the person who encountered my brother february 26 , 2012 .
letters to zimmerman show split opinions " we 've been led to believe that it 's a junior-high-school-aged person because of the pictures , " he said , referring to martin .
the photographs , taken inside the hospital where coleman died last month , will be published this week in globe magazine , according to a publicist for the magazine .
" we bought the photos , " said samantha trenk , a spokeswoman for globe parent company american media .
coleman divorced shannon price in 2008 , but they were living together in santaquin , utah , when he suffered a fall at home last month and died two days later of a brain hemorrhage in a provo , utah , hospital .
" knowing gary , as well as anyone could have , i assure his closest family , friends and fans that his disdain for this behavior would be unquestionable and paramount to any foregoing profession of ' love ' for shannon that might have ever poured from his lips , " dion mial said in an e-mail to cnn .
price , 24 , did not deny mial 's accusation , but she did say in a statement from her publicist that she needed money because she had helped mial pay for a lawyer .
" dion , who claims to be a good friend of gary , would know that gary 's only wishes were to make sure that shannon would be ok after he was gone , " price 's statement said .
" so if dion was a good friend he would be assisting shannon , not taking all her money , to pay for his attorney and then use it to take everything from her . "
so said mohamed nasheed , president of the maldives .
speaking at cnn 's earth 's frontiers debate in seoul , nasheed said he was looking for a greater urgency from countries and business across the world in dealing with the problems caused by climate change .
rather than a slow decay , nasheed 's own nation is faced with a rapid extinction caused by a rise in sea-levels , according to many climate scientists .
joined at the debate by filmmaker and environmentalist james cameron , puma 's ceo jochen zeitz , and changhua wu of the climate group , nasheed noted what was at stake when talking about future energy sources .
" i think it 's going to be very difficult for the maldives to survive if business goes as usual , " he said .
" i think it 's time especially for big emitter countries to find alternatives and move forward .
if not , it 's not just going to be the maldives , it 's going to be all of us . "
instead of revisiting the divisions that flared between countries at the copenhagen climate summit in december , nasheed struck a more inclusive tone on how countries can work together to create a carbon-neutral future .
" i do n't think this is an issue of developed and developing countries .
given the opportunities , ( developing countries ) would have done the same .
" but of course industrialized countries have more capabilities and more means , and there are people who are in trouble .
if they want to lend a hand , that 's the decent thing to do . "
zeitz took a stand for businesses taking the initiative in promoting renewable energy by saying that business can not wait for government action .
( cnn ) -- karim benzema shrugged off his club troubles and a violent challenge to give france a 1-0 win over 10-man brazil in wednesday 's prestige friendly in paris .
the real madrid striker netted the only goal from close range nine minutes into the second half of the rematch of the 1998 world cup final at the same venue -- which france won 3-0 .
he was lucky to escape serious injury five minutes before the break when brazil midfielder hernanes was sent off for kicking him in the chest .
benzema has struggled to show his true form in spain since his $ 48 million move in 2009 , but was a constant threat after the red card and should have added more to his new tally of 12 international goals .
menez was lucky to stay on the pitch after a bad tackle from behind on brazil defender david luiz , whose new english club chelsea will be relieved he escaped injury .
it was france 's fifth consecutive win under coach laurent blanc , who has revived the team 's fortunes after last year 's first-round exit at the world cup in south africa .
also on wednesday , two of the world 's best footballers went head-to-head in neutral switzerland , and once again lionel messi came out on top as argentina snatched a last-gasp 2-1 friendly win over portugal .
( cnn ) -- when jupp heynckes made his debut in the bundesliga as a player back in 1965 , the name of bayern munich was a new one for the nascent german soccer league .
now as coach of the country 's most successful team , he has reached a significant milestone in what will be his final season in charge .
on saturday the 67-year-old became only the second man to rack up 1,000 bundesliga appearances as both player and coach as bayern took another step towards a 23rd national title with a 6-1 thrashing of werder bremen in front of 71,000 fans at allianz arena .
heynckes is on course for a treble of trophies , with bayern poised to reach the quarterfinals of the champions league after the 3-1 midweek win at arsenal , having suffered an agonizing penalty shootout defeat by chelsea in last season 's title match despite home advantage .
he rested six key players ahead of wednesday 's german cup clash with two-time defending bundesliga champions borussia dortmund , but still had too much firepower as bremen had a man sent off at 2-0 down and never recovered .
mario gomez netted twice in the second half to reach his 100th goal in a red shirt , having earlier forced czech international gebre selassie into diverting a cross into his own net .
logan , a 2-year-old terminally ill boy whose parents moved up their ceremony so he could witness it , died monday night at his home in jeannette , pennsylvania , with family at his side , westmoreland county deputy coroner john ackerman said tuesday .
the child died of complications from the genetic disorder fanconi anemia , ackerman said .
on monday , logan 's parents , christine swidorsky and sean stevenson , held him for long periods after it became apparent that his death was near , his mother wrote on facebook .
" at 8:18 my son took his last breath in my arms , " the mother , now known as christine swidorsky-stevenson , wrote monday night .
" im so sad upset and im in disbelief he is with angels and he 's in no more pain .
no more sickness no more hospitals . "
the wedding was set for july 2014 , but after being told that logan had just weeks to live due to leukemia brought on by the fanconi anemia , his parents moved their wedding to saturday .
swidorsky carried her son down the aisle , and his grandmother then cradled him in her arms , his favorite brown teddy bear by his side .
she was 76 .
sunny von bulow is pictured during her 1957 wedding to prince alfred von auersperg .
von bulow was subject of one of the nation 's most sensational criminal cases during the 1980s .
her husband , claus , was accused of trying to kill her with an overdose of insulin , which prosecutors alleged sent her into the coma .
he was convicted of making two attempts on her life , but the conviction was overturned on appeal .
his retrial in 1985 received national attention .
" we were blessed to have an extraordinarily loving and caring mother , " said the statement from von bulow 's three children -- annie laurie " ala " isham , alexander von auersperg and cosima pavoncelli -- released by a spokeswoman .
" she was especially devoted to her many friends and family members . "
martha von bulow was born martha sharp crawford into a wealthy family .
she inherited a fortune conservatively estimated at $ 75 million , according to an article on the von bulow case posted on trutv.com 's crime library web site .
in her early years , she drew comparisons to actress grace kelly .
she became known as princess von auersperg with her first marriage , to prince alfred von auersperg of austria .
the von bulows married in 1966 and had a daughter , cosima .
london ( cnn ) -- he steered great britain through the perils of world war ii and is recognized as one of the most important statesmen of the 20th century .
but away from the world of politics , winston churchill was also an avid painter , drawn to scenes of stately homes in the uk , picturesque fields in france and vibrant moroccan landscapes .
though he always saw himself as an amateur , he was quick to spot talent in others .
" the pasha of marrakesh was quite a fearful character and had great influence politically and great wealth , and the idea that his son was going to be a painter clearly would n't have come naturally to him , " said daniel robbins , curator of the exhibition " meetings in marrakech " at leighton house museum in london .
churchill approved and the young hassan was subsequently allowed to train as a painter in paris .
" there were n't many people that the pasha would listen to but if churchill said it was alright to be painter , he could accommodate that desire , " said robbins .
hassan el glaoui 's career took off and he has since exhibited his work in europe and the us , as well as in morocco .
milwaukee , wisconsin ( cnn ) -- during the course of his long run for the presidency , mitt romney has consistently presented himself to voters as a " turnaround " artist , or as his supporters have taken to calling him recently , a " mr. fix-it . "
in making his closing argument to voters that he should have that chance to take his government tool belt to washington , romney has vowed to " bring people together , " to govern as president .
" i 've got be able to reach across the aisle and get good democrats and good republicans to work together , " the former massachusetts governor told a crowd in jacksonville , florida , on wednesday .
if obama wins a second term ... " my legislature was about 85 % democrat and it was not lost on me that to get anything done at all , and even to have my veto upheld , i had to have people across the aisle i could work with , " he continued .
they look no farther than his statement to last february 's gathering of the conservative political action conference in washington .
" i fought long odds in a deep blue state .
but i was a severely conservative republican governor , " romney told the conference .
asked how romney 's promises of bipartisanship align with what quickly became a youtube moment at cpac last winter , a senior campaign adviser argued the two claims are not mutually exclusive .
( cnn ) -- today is the 45th anniversary of the assassination of dr. martin luther king , jr. , a champion for freedom , civil rights and justice .
i remember the trauma he felt as a result of his opposition to the war in vietnam .
before going to memphis , king had the rev. ralph abernathy call for a staff meeting in his church study on a saturday morning .
his close aides came .
king complained that he had felt the pain of " a migraine headache for four days . "
he said , " maybe i 've done as much as i could .
king responded , " do n't say peace when there is no peace . "
many of his supporters had turned against him because of his position on the war in vietnam , but king felt he had to do what was right .
he contended , " there are those who want me to confine my morality to the war on poverty and overlook the war in vietnam .
however , the bombs in vietnam ultimately explode at home because of poverty . "
let 's make this nation deal forthrightly with the issue of poverty . "
the veteran midfielder scored a free-kick and hit the bar with another , allowing giorgio chiellini to volley what would be the decisive goal for a 3-1 lead .
ac milan , down to 10 men by that stage after defender philippe mexes was sent off for protesting his initial booking , reduced the deficit through sulley muntari 's second of the match at the end .
it left juve in third place on goal difference behind napoli , which also remained unbeaten following a 4-0 win at home to livorno .
both clubs trail roma by two points , following the capital club 's saturday win at inter milan .
the defeat left the seven-time european champion languishing in 12th place , some 13 points adrift of roma .
napoli , like juve , has six wins and a draw from seven matches , continuing new coach rafael benitez 's fine start .
former real madrid striker gonzalo higuain was again missing due to injury , but the neapolitans had too much firepower for livorno .
( cnn ) -- was there ever any doubt ?
when it mattered most , the man which this brazilian team 's quest may depend on , delivered once again .
neymar , the face of this world cup , scored his fourth goal in three games to book his country a date with destiny and chile in belo horizonte on saturday .
while lionel messi has rescued argentina , neymar 's 35th goal in 52 international appearances gives an insight into how crucial his role is likely to be in the next few weeks should brazil go all the way .
his two goals and further strikes from the much maligned fred and substitute fernandinho ensured brazil claimed a 4-1 win over cameroon and secured top spot in group a. mexico , which defeated croatia 3-1 , took second place and will now face the netherlands in fortaleza on sunday .
but the night belonged to neymar -- the man who scored the 100th goal of this tournament in his country 's 100th match world cup match .
brazil will need its talisman to provide his magic once again when it meets chile , a team which it knocked out of the tournament four years ago in south africa .
jorge sampaoli 's men will represent a far more difficult proposition than a cameroon side which briefly threatened to cause embarrassment by drawing level at 1-1 .
but neymar , having already netted the opener , then took charge by scoring his side 's second and guiding brazil home .
navi pillay , in a statement , said she deeply regrets the execution of humberto leal garcia , after a 5-4 decision by the u.s. supreme court denied him a stay of execution thursday night .
" the execution of mr. leal garcia places the u.s. in breach of international law , " said pillay , who is on an official mission in mexico .
" what the state of texas has done in this case is imputable in law to the u.s. and engages the united states ' international responsibility . "
pillay said leal was not granted consular access , which -- as a foreign national -- was his right under article 36 of the vienna convention on consular relations .
the denial of access raises concerns about whether leal got a fair trial , pillay said .
leal , who was convicted for the 1994 rape and murder of a 16-year-old girl , was executed thursday evening by lethal injection in texas .
" the secretary herself is quite disappointed in the outcome in this case , " said state department spokeswoman victoria neuland about secretary of state hillary clinton .
" the u.s. government sought a stay of leal 's execution in order to give the congress time to act on the consular notification compliance act , which would have provided leal the judicial review required by international law . "
darren wilson was just one of 53 officers in a small-town police department until his encounter with an 18-year-old august 9 on a street in ferguson , missouri .
" he was a gentle , quiet man , " police chief thomas jackson said friday , referring to wilson .
" he was a distinguished officer .
he was a gentleman .
... he is , he has been , an excellent officer . "
authorities , citing death threats , had until friday refused to release wilson 's name after he fatally shot michael brown .
a resident of the st. louis area , wilson , 28 , has been staying at a secure location since the shooting .
it was not known whether wilson -- an officer for six years , including four in ferguson -- had been placed on modified assignment .
wilson lives in a neighborhood of modest homes about 20 miles from ferguson .
several said the officer left his home days ago .
one of wilson 's friends , jake shepard , said he could n't imagine the officer killing somebody .
" i am 100 % positive of that because i could never imagine him even in that situation -- taking someone 's life , let alone taking someone 's life with malicious intent .
he 's just the last person on earth that you would think to do something like that .
it 's just shocking .
( cnn ) -- a california bounty hunter says he will sue casey anthony and her defense attorney jose baez for misleading him when he helped search for her young daughter caylee .
leonard padilla said he is seeking $ 200,000 .
padilla said anthony 's attorney allowed him to fly to florida in 2008 and help search for anthony 's then-missing 2-year-old daughter .
anthony left jail sunday after being acquitted of murder charges in connection with the death of her daughter .
padilla says when he heard baez 's opening statement during anthony 's murder trial he felt conned .
" it turns out she knew where the child was all along , " padilla said .
" they misled me , and it is definitely fraud . "
he said he also brought in people to help provide security .
he said he talked to anthony on many occasions during that time and that she never said she knew where caylee was .
" she told me the babysitter stole the baby , " padilla said .
" they were both feeding us that line .
and now we know it was never true .
padilla says it may take a few weeks to get his lawsuit together .
johnny griffin , a california legal expert , told cnn affiliate kcra that padilla 's lawsuit may have legal merit .
but he may need to do some work to prove his case , griffin said .
linda and hulk hogan enjoy happier times at the 2006 mtv video music awards in new york in 2006 .
" i could have turned everything into a crime scene like o.j. , cutting everybody 's throat , " hogan said in the interview for a feature that will run in friday 's edition of the magazine .
" you live half a mile from the 20,000-square-foot home you ca n't go to anymore , you 're driving through downtown clearwater [ florida ] and see a 19-year-old boy driving your escalade , and you know that a 19-year-old boy is sleeping in your bed , with your wife ... " i totally understand o.j. i get it , " hogan said .
a spokeswoman for rolling stone magazine confirmed the quote to cnn .
watch report on hogan 's statements » it has been widely reported that linda hogan , 49 , is dating a younger man .
she filed for divorce in 2007 after nearly 25 years of marriage .
simpson was found not guilty of murder in the 1994 stabbing deaths of his wife , nicole brown simpson , and her friend , ron goldman , but was found liable for their deaths by a civil court jury .
simpson later was found guilty in a las vegas , nevada , armed robbery case and sentenced in december to up to 33 years in prison .
a spokesman for linda hogan said wednesday that the statement amounts to a death threat and that her attorney is " weighing all options necessary to protect his client . "
( cnn ) -- we are now able to project a winner in the 2012 presidential race : brooks & dunn .
again .
if that was n't clear enough already , it became abundantly so at the end of newt gingrich 's victory speech in south carolina last weekend .
as gingrich left the stage , his campaign staff played a song through the speaker system .
the song was " only in america , " by the country duo brooks & dunn .
of course .
that song has become a bipartisan standard in recent presidential campaigns .
george w. bush and dick cheney used it at their rallies ; barack obama used it at his rallies ; john mccain used it at his rallies ; and now gingrich is using it .
mitt romney , too .
politicians have long utilized campaign songs , but it is unusual for republicans and democrats to share the same song .
after bill clinton used fleetwood mac 's " do n't stop ( thinking about tomorrow ) " in his 1992 campaign , it would have been inconceivable for a republican opponent to use it at gop rallies that year , or for republicans four years later to use it .
it would have reminded potential voters of the other guy .
" only in america , " ronnie dunn 's voice sings , " dreaming in red , white and blue ; only in america , where we dream as big as we want to .
they usually bounce from team to team , barely managing to get a contract for a role few can perform well and no one else wants .
" i did it because it was my job but i hated it , " said georges laraque , one of the most successful hockey heavyweights in his 12-year nhl career .
i hated the pressure .
i hated to be called a goon , and an animal .
i hated promoting violence . "
authorities described the death as nonsuspicious .
it was the third death of a current or former national hockey league enforcer this summer , an almost unfathomable statistical anomaly .
derek boogaard was found dead at age 28 in his minneapolis home in may , the result of a toxic combination of painkillers and alcohol ruled an accident .
boogaard , one of the most feared nhl fighters at 6-foot-7 and 265 pounds -- he was known as the boogeyman , had n't played in months while trying to recover from concussions sustained in on-ice bouts .
( cnn ) the arduous search for a missing technology executive and five others feared dead after a suspicious fire destroyed a mansion in annapolis , maryland , could take days , fire officials said tuesday .
the 16,000-square-foot waterfront house belonged to executive don pyle , chief operating officer for sciencelogic , company spokesman antonio piraino said .
pyle was believed to have been at home with his wife , sandy , and four grandchildren .
" your looking at five standard houses put together , " he said .
" this is more of commercial fire than it is a residential fire .
there are a lot of businesses that are n't 16,000 square feet .
pyle had not been heard from on monday , and his colleagues at sciencelogic were " hoping for a miracle , " cnn affiliate wjla-tv in washington reported .
by midday tuesday , fire officials had not been able to search the still-burning ruins , howarth said .
heavy equipment is being moved in over the next 12 hours to aid in the search for victims and clues -- a process that could take days .
" we have some very unique challenges with this house , " howarth said .
" the construction of the house contained a lot of very heavy materials .
we 're looking at some steel beams that weigh in the area of 7 tons . "
( cnn ) -- barefoot and covered in dirt and sweat , 14-year-old dante campilan pulls weeds from orderly rows of sugar cane .
the international labor organization ( ilo ) estimates 2.4 million child workers are in the philippines .
many of them , according to the ilo , are in rural areas working in fields and mines .
the organization estimates 60 % work in hazardous conditions .
alongside dante is 13-year-old alvic james , who dropped out of school when he was in the first grade .
back then , he explained , his family did n't have enough money to eat .
alvic says he wants to learn to read and write but because he is needed in the fields he has no time to go to school .
that 's currently the job of 16-year-old elmar paran , who has n't been to school since he was a young child , sentencing him to a future in the fields .
the use of child laborers in the sugar fields of northern mindanao is so common that landowner angeles penda shrugs it off as a way of life .
" the parents beg us to include their children to work , " she said .
( cnn ) -- radamel falcao fired four goals as porto demolished villarreal 5-1 on thursday night to all-but ensure an all-portuguese final in the europa league .
porto , who won the tournament in 2003 when it was still known as the uefa cup , will face either benfica or braga in next month 's final in dublin if they successfully negotiate the trip to el madrigal .
benfica clinched a 2-1 victory at home , leaving the second semifinal evenly poised ahead of next week 's return leg in braga .
is mourinho student the new ' special one ' ?
villarreal , fourth in spain 's la liga , had looked surprisingly comfortable away from home against a team that wrapped up the national league crown with five games to play -- and whose coach has everyone comparing him to his mentor jose mourinho .
andre villas boas could only look on as ruben cani headed villarreal in front with a near-post effort from nilmar 's cross as porto 's defense was caught out again .
falcao equalized from the penalty spot three minutes after the break after being brought down by diego lopez , then just after an hour fredy guarin headed in a rebound after his first effort was pushed onto the post by the goalkeeper .
he 's dressed in a blue-striped tie framed by a crisp white t-shirt -- a typical 15-year-old kenyan high school student .
" harun woke up very early and asked his sister " what time is it ? "
says asha .
he kept on asking her again and again .
then , at four in the morning , he left the house . "
in her heart , asha knew where he had gone , but the text messages later confirmed it .
he came to me many times and said " mom , i am going to somalia to fight jihad . "
i thought he was just playing . "
for years , al shabaab has targeted somalis abroad to fight in their campaign to overthrown the weak transitional government .
now kenyans , with no ethnic link to somalia , are joining the jihad .
many of those events centered on pumwani , a largely muslim slum in nairobi .
here , residents and religious leaders speak of a charismatic young kenyan sheikh that arrived from mombasa .
they say he bravely stood up to corruption , promoted the quran , and generously handed out scholarships to young men .
and he stoked their passion for al shabaab .
( cnn ) -- as president obama 's second-term cabinet starts to take shape , we can see some of the outlines of what the white house hopes to do in the next four years .
the major theme is that obama is prepared to defend his turf , tooth and nail .
this is a cabinet whose strength is defense rather than offense .
gone are the hopes of bipartisanship .
now it 's time to really engage the partisan battle .
obama wo n't be pushing for many watershed changes in the next four years , but he is not going to make it easy for republicans to make any deep inroads into what he has accomplished .
during the last two weeks , the president rolled out his nominations on national security -- sen. john kerry for secretary of state , sen. chuck hagel for secretary of defense , and john brennan to direct the cia .
he then nominated his chief of staff , jack lew , to be secretary of the treasury .
we must be careful not to infer too much from presidential appointments , since these people ultimately serve the interests of the president rather than vice versa -- but still , the identities of the members of the new cabinet provide important hints .
this is a team with experience and deep roots in washington .
it is clear that obama , sobered after four brutal years of fighting with republicans in congress , realizes that he needs leaders who have clout in congress .
on national security , this is a team with deep experience that can protect the existing policies the administration has adopted .
london , england ( cnn ) -- prince william 's younger brother prince harry will be his best man when he marries kate middleton in london in april , clarence house announced monday .
middleton 's sister philippa will be her maid of honor .
william , who is second in line to the throne , is due to marry his long-time girlfriend april 29 at westminster abbey .
prince harry is currently third in line of succession .
royal protocol states that the groom should have a " supporter " rather than a best man and speculation was rife that prince harry would be named supporter , and another friend of prince william announced as his best man .
prince charles elected his brother prince andrew to be his " supporter " when he married diana , princess of wales in 1981 .
naming harry best man is a break with protocol , and is being taken as an indication of william and kate 's more modern approach to their upcoming wedding , which is taking place at westminster abbey on april 29 .
harry will be organizing the prince 's " stag " or bachelor party .
meanwhile philippa , or " pippa , " will be expected to pull together kate 's " hen " or bachelorette party .
william 's office at clarence house also announced that there will be four bridesmaids and two page boys , including two of william 's godchildren .
pettifer is the son of tiggy pettifer , william and harry 's former nanny -- an important figure in the young princes ' lives , especially following the death of their mother in 1997 .
lady louise windsor , 7 , the hon. margarita armstrong-jones , 8 , and eliza lopes , 3 , will be the other bridesmaids .
( cnn ) -- the grandmother of a missing maine toddler says no family members in the home the night the girl vanished had anything to do with her disappearance .
" i feel violated .
somebody came into my home and took my granddaughter who was sleeping , " phoebe dipietro said during her first television interview about ayla reynolds , the now 21-month-old toddler .
ayla disappeared december 17 .
police have said they believe foul play was involved .
they also say the dipietros have fully co-operated in the investigation .
sitting in her living room , steps away from ayla 's bedroom , dipietro said she heard nothing while she slept that night .
she was n't the last one to go to bed that night and was n't sure whether the doors were locked .
she and her son suspect the child was abducted .
update : grandmother changes story " i 'm sure that eventually they will be able to let us know how someone go into the house whether it was an unlocked window , an unlocked door , i do n't know , " dipietro said .
' if i knew , it would n't have happened , " she added .
investigators have said there were several adults in the dipietro home that night , including dipietro and her 24-year-old son .
police wo n't identify the others , nor reveal much else .
" i can tell you there was not a party here at the house .
just beyond that , i ca n't answer any questions . "
she says her son put ayla to bed every night .
( cnn ) -- tiger woods has split from the management company which has helped him become one of the world 's wealthiest sportsmen since he joined it at the start of his professional golf career back in 1996 .
the former top-ranked player announced on monday that he will be staying with his longtime agent mark steinberg , who has left img after his contract expired .
" excited about the next stage in my professional life .
fond memories of mark mccormack . "
mccormack founded img , one of the world 's leading sports management companies , but died in 2003 .
sliding tiger drops out of golf 's top ten woods ' endorsements have been handled by steinberg since 1998 , but the golfer 's declining fortunes have reportedly led to his agent 's departure from img .
the 35-year-old has dropped to 15th in the rankings , struggling this year with injuries , but he still earned $ 70 million in 2010 from his existing deals according to golf digest .
harmon expresses fears for woods ' career sports business journal and the new york times both reported that woods ' reduced earnings meant that img could no longer afford steinberg 's salary .
img has instead promoted guy kinnings and robbie henchman , its senior vice-presidents in europe and asia pacific respectively , to be co-heads of its golf division .
( cnn ) -- ariel castro used the promise of a puppy to lure michelle knight into the cleveland home where he held her hostage for 11 years .
" he tells me , ' just come in for a little while .
you can take one home to your son , ' " knight said in an interview broadcast tuesday on the syndicated " dr. phil " talk show .
but she soon realized there were no puppies inside castro 's home .
and it was n't long , knight said , before he trapped her in an upstairs room and tied her up with an extension cord .
it was the beginning of more than a decade of torture , rape , starvation and beatings for knight .
" and i wanted him to know that i survived , loving him .
his love got me through . "
castro lured knight into his vehicle from a family dollar store in cleveland in 2002 , promising to give her a ride .
she was the first of three women he would capture and imprison in his home for about a decade .
they were freed in may after one of the women , amanda berry , called out to neighbors for help .
in august , castro was sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years after he pleaded guilty to 937 counts , including murder and kidnapping .
he committed suicide in his prison cell in september .
( cnn ) -- it 's not often that a nobel peace prize laureate gets fired , but the bangladeshi government said wednesday it did just that in dismissing muhammad yunus from a top post in the pioneering bank he founded .
k.m. abdul waddod , the general manager of the bangladesh central bank 's regulation and policy department , said his bank , the regulatory authority in the south asian nation , had sent for a second time a letter to the grameen bank chairman , urging the ouster of yunus from his post of managing director because he was past retirement age .
the government , which has a 25 % stake in grameen , said that by the bank 's own rules , yunus , now 70 , was required to end his service when he turned 60 .
" the bank did let him go . "
muzammel huq , the new government-appointed grameen chairman , told cnn that he had received the letter of the central bank .
" the central bank has removed professor yunus as managing director of the bank and i 'll act accordingly under the bank 's law , " huq said .
but a grameen bank statement said yunus had not been fired .
" this is a legal issue , " said the statement signed by jannat-e-quanine , grameen 's general manager .
it has also complied with the law in respect of appointment of the managing director .
according to the bank 's legal advisers , the founder of grameen bank , nobel laureate professor muhammad yunus , is accordingly continuing in his office . "
( cnn ) -- investigators have named casey anthony a suspect in the mid-june disappearance of her toddler daughter , caylee , florida authorities said wednesday .
police had previously labeled anthony -- who authorities said did n't report the 3-year-old child 's disappearance until mid-july -- a " person of interest " in the case .
" casey is a suspect , " said orange county sheriff 's department capt. angelo nieves .
" she has been uncooperative , leading investigators down the wrong path and lying to them .
she has not provided any credible information about the last time she saw her or where she was left . "
casey anthony of orlando , florida , was arrested july 16 on suspicion of telling detectives lies about caylee 's disappearance .
she was released on bail after that arrest and subsequent arrests on unrelated theft charges .
authorities said weeks ago that evidence suggests caylee is dead .
investigators found evidence of human decomposition in the trunk of anthony 's car , authorities have said .
law enforcement sources also suggested that a strand of hair found in the trunk of the car was caylee 's .
watch nancy grace speak to casey anthony 's " babysitter " » authorities also have said they found traces of chloroform in the car anthony drove and internet searches of chloroform web sites on her computer .
anthony and her daughter have garnered national headlines and served as fodder for nightly crime shows .
protesters have held vigils outside anthony 's home pleading with her to give police more information about caylee 's whereabouts .
( cnn ) -- lady gaga reached an out-of-court settlement with her former assistant who sued for unpaid overtime , according to a court filing .
the lawsuit , which sought $ 350,000 in back pay from the singer , had been set for trial in new york starting next week .
u.s. district judge paul g. gardephe ruled last month against gaga 's lawyer 's request that the case be dismissed .
in her lawsuit , jennifer o'neill says that she worked " 24/7 " as gaga 's personal assistant .
o'neill was employed in early 2009 , and again from february 2010 to march 2011 .
after she was rehired , she was told her annual salary would be $ 75,000 .
" every day is a work day for her , so every day is a work day for the rest of us , " o'neill said , according to court documents .
there is no , let 's put on sweatpants and go out to the movies and be girlfriends .
gaga , whose real name is stefani germanotta , testified that o'neill " deserves every one of her $ 75,000 that we agreed to .
but she does not deserve a penny more . "
cnn 's carolyn sung , rachel wells and susan candiotti contributed this report .
on a busy friday morning in manhattan , nine pedestrians suffered bullet or fragment wounds after police unleashed a hail of gunfire at a man wielding a .45 caliber pistol who had just killed a former co-worker .
the officers unloaded 16 rounds in the shadow of the empire state building at a disgruntled former apparel designer , killing him after he engaged in a gunbattle with police , authorities said .
three passersby sustained direct gunshot wounds , while the remaining six were hit by fragments , according to new york police commissioner ray kelly .
all injuries were caused by police , he said saturday .
one officer shot nine rounds and another shot seven .
police identified the gunman as jeffrey johnson , 58 , who was apparently laid off from his job as a designer of women 's accessories at hazan import co. last year .
johnson , who served in the u.s. coast guard in the mid-1970s , had two rounds left in his pistol .
it holds eight , kelly said .
police identified the slain co-worker as steven ercolino , 41 , who had apparently filed a prior complaint against his assailant , claiming that he thought johnson would eventually try to kill him .
both men had filed harassment complaints against each other in april 2011 , kelly added .
ercolino was listed as a vice president of sales at hazan import corp. , according to his linkedin profile .
" he 's going to be so missed by everybody .
the shooter had just wounded three people thursday , one of whom died .
he was reloading his shotgun when meis , a volunteer security guard , saw an opening .
he doused the gunman with the spray and tackled him to the ground .
other students at seattle pacific university piled on and took the weapon away from suspected shooter aaron ybarra , 26 , police said .
officers are convinced the bloodshed at the christian school would have been worse had meis and the others not intervened .
a man who said he was close friends with meis ' older brother and sister-and-law described him as " amazingly resourceful . "
van ness said meis enjoyed playing a campus " humans versus zombies " game organized by the school 's student union board , finishing in the top 10 both times the game was held .
on thursday , meis appeared shaken , at moments on the verge of tears , when ambulances arrived to tend to the wounded .
medics put him on a stretcher and took him to a hospital to check him over .
harborview medical center spokeswoman susan gregg did n't identify meis by name but said a man believed to be the student hero was thoroughly evaluated and released .
thumped 4-0 by germany , one key defender sent off , another possibly out of the tournament with injury and its world player of the year looking decidedly unfit .
real madrid star cristiano ronaldo was n't lacking in effort but was as powerless as those around him to prevent portugal being steamrollered by der mannschaft in salvador .
it started badly for paulo bento 's men and got steadily worse as germany maintained its record of scoring at least four goals in every opening world cup match since 2002 .
latest world cup scores they were 1-0 down after 10 minutes when joao pereira was adjudged to have hauled down mario gotze .
fellow bayern munich star thomas muller confidently slotted home the penalty .
it was 2-0 when mats hummels thumped a header into the net from toni kroos ' corner .
just five minutes later , real madrid defender pepe tangled with muller , who sank theatrically to the turf claiming a hand to the face .
portugal made a change at the break , as ricardo costa replaced miguel veloso , but it made little difference as germany continued to press home their advantage .
mesut ozil , who plays for arsenal , should have found the net when played through on goal but he hit his shot straight at patricio .
( cnn ) -- glasgow rangers won their 53rd scottish title and ninth under manager walter smith as a 1-0 win over hibernian on sunday gave them an unassailable points advantage over city rivals celtic .
kyle lafferty scored his third goal in four games to secure the three points for rangers , who were the defending champions .
it was their fifth straight league win under interim manager neil lennon , but rangers ' title triumph was a formality which was confirmed later at easter road .
lafferty was on target after 17 minutes as kenny miller set him on his way to score with an angled drive .
smith , who won his first seven scottish titles with rangers in his first spell at the club , savored the latest victory which has come against the backdrop of financial worries and uncertainty over the future ownership of the famous club .
" you always feel grateful for the fact that you 've won a trophy and you are in this position , as rangers teams are a lot of the time , " he told gathered reporters .
in bundesliga action on sunday , europa league semifinalists hamburg were thrashed 5-1 at hoffenheim .
strikers chinedu obasi and vedad ibisevic both scored twice for the hosts in the rout which followed hamburg 's goalless draw with fulham in the first leg of their last four europa clash on thursday and ahead of next week 's return .
in spain 's la liga , valencia kept their third grip on third place with a 1-0 win over deportivo la coruna as david villa scored a first half penalty .
( cnn ) -- best-selling author malcolm gladwell , no stranger to provocative opinions , is at it again .
during a recent interview in toronto , gladwell said that people a half-century from now will revere microsoft co-founder bill gates but will have no clear memory of his longtime tech rival , apple chief steve jobs .
" of the great entrepreneurs of this era , people will have forgotten steve jobs .
' who was steve jobs again ? '
but ... there will be statues of bill gates across the third world , " gladwell said .
" there 's a reasonable shot that -- because of his money -- we will cure malaria . "
no one will even remember what microsoft is . "
gladwell made the comments late last month during a public appearance at the toronto public library .
his remarks began drawing attention this week after the library posted a video clip of the interview online ( the gates-jobs stuff starts around the 9:30 mark ) .
" we need to be clear when we venerate entrepreneurs what we are venerating , " gladwell said in toronto .
" they are not moral leaders .
gladwell did not elaborate on why he believes jobs ' legacy wo n't endure , although he made some unflattering comments about the late apple co-founder , who died in october 2011 .
( cnn ) -- from street corners , buses and subways to phone calls , e-mails , text messages , online posts and tweets , people around the world commented , pondered , and paid tribute to pop legend michael jackson , who died thursday afternoon in los angeles .
pedestrians in sydney , australia , watch a tv screen announcing michael jackson 's death on friday .
around midnight at london 's leicester square , as news of jackson 's death spread , luis carlos ameida and his friends were surrounding a car listening to the star 's music .
ameida said he 'd gotten tickets to see jackson at his " this is it " concerts beginning on july 13 in london .
" from a young age , you know , i used to have the video game , " said ameida .
i used to moonwalk ... i remember my mum used to send me to lessons to be like michael jackson .
and when i heard the news , i had tears in my eyes because of that connection i had because of all the songs he used to play . "
reaction from around the world in pictures » backstage , michael jackson songs were being played in tribute , and fans talked of an impromptu memorial for the late singer at the " stone circle , " a neolithic monument in the grounds of the venue .
( cnn ) -- for all the headaches on the campaign trail , you would not think a candidate would be hounded by his own dog .
that , however , has been the relentless fate of republican contender mitt romney .
they 've lampooned him as cruel at worst , foolish at best , with bumper stickers and t-shirts that say " dogs are n't luggage ! "
republicans have counterattacked by pointing out that president obama wrote in his own book about eating dog as a child , helping the dog fight become a theme at this year 's white house correspondents association dinner .
comedian jimmy kimmel nipped at both of them .
" if mitt romney offers you a ride , call shotgun .
and if president obama starts buttering you , run ! "
it would be easy to dismiss all of this as political silliness were it not for one troubling fact : sometimes the way a president connects with critters can affect the way voters relate to him .
" presidents and their pets have a long and storied history , " says garrett graff , a goldfish owner and editor-in-chief at washingtonian magazine .
his theory about why voters take such an interest in such matters : " most of us do n't ' get ' middle east oil politics , and the rise and fall of the g.d.p. , but we can ' get ' if you connect with a dog or you connect with a cat . "
first a little history .
ever since george washington took office with horses and hounds in tow , presidents have welcomed animals into their lives .
a lot of animals .
however , a government promise to provide one million nepali rupees ( us$ 11,200 ) for the bid -- on which other sponsorship money hinged -- was awaiting government cabinet approval in kathmandu .
team leader ishwari poudel told cnn that going up everest was now too risky because the snow had started to melt , making ladders and other equipment unstable .
he said that since other expeditions had already left the mountain , there would be no manpower available in the event of a rescue .
the government had also pledged to help sherchan 's bid by waiving the everest climbing permit fee of us$ 10,000 but this was also held up by cabinet delays .
purna chandra bhattarai , the tourism industry division of the ministry of tourism and civil aviation , said his department , which processes climbing permits , had received the application late and the waiver could only be decided by ministers .
" the government makes decisions following its own procedure , " he said .
sherchan downplayed rumors he was returning due to health concerns .
( cnn ) as " mad men " returned for its seventh season , many viewers tuned in to see what happened next for don , peggy , pete and the other characters of the hit amc show .
many were eager to see the fabulous clothes the actors wore .
we ca n't help but wonder -- was all that glamour real , or is it just the magic of tv ?
we asked readers to share their snapshots from 1967-69 and show us what the late '60s really looked like .
but she remembers the late 1960s as more colorful and vibrant .
" my favorite looks in the '60s were the bright colors and bold patterns , stripes and polka dots , miniskirts , long hair and pale lipstick , " lambert says .
' mad men ' and the other 1960s many ireporters strived to keep up with the fast pace of the changing fashion in the late '60s .
patricia anne alfano , 66 , went from a british-inspired mod style cheerleader to a hippie in a matter of three years .
unlike today , the cheerleaders were covered from head to toe .
the uniforms had long sleeves , and the cheerleaders wore gloves and cloth helmets .
" from the early 1960s until 1967 , i spent tons of time on my hair , " she says , noting her mod hairdo in the picture is actually a wig .
everyone had at least one . "
in 1968 , the style began to evolve .
alfano still spent a lot of time on her hair , but her peers began heavily criticizing all things materialistic , so the style became more casual .
atlanta , georgia ( cnn ) -- boris kodjoe owns a mansion in atlanta .
but when he goes to answer his door , the black actor knows what it 's like to be an outcast .
henry louis gates jr. was arrested last week on a charge of disorderly conduct .
" when i 'm opening the door of my own house , someone will ask me where the man of the house is , implying that i 'm staff , " said kodjoe , best known for starring in showtime 's " soul food . "
jelani cobb , an author and professor at spelman college in atlanta , says it 's troubling on many levels when " one of the most recognizable african-americans in the country can be arrested in his own home and have to justify being in his own home . "
watch arrest of a harvard scholar » " it 's really kind of unfathomable , " cobb said .
" if it can happen to him , yeah , it can happen to any of us . "
that 's a sentiment echoed by jimi izrael .
" if a mild-mannered , bespectacled ivy league professor who walks with a cane can be pulled from his own home and arrested on a minor charge , the rest of us do n't stand a chance , " izrael wrote tuesday on the root , an online magazine with commentary from a variety of black perspectives that 's co-founded by gates .
( cnn ) -- for decades , comic books have had major shake-ups in their pages , with varying degrees of fan support -- and outrage .
in 1992 , well before the advent of social media , superman was killed and comic books went flying off the shelves .
in 2007 , social media like facebook and twitter were in their infancy when captain america died .
and now -- due in part to the abundance of social media and the intense interest in spider-man 's alter ego , peter parker -- a firestorm has erupted , after marvel revealed that parker will die , and the role of spider-man will be taken over by his archenemy , doctor octopus .
the just-released " amazing spider-man " # 700 marks the end of one of the most popular comic book series of all time after 50 years .
all parties involved maintain that the changes are quite permanent , and next month the saga begins anew with the release of " the superior spider-man " # 1 , with the doc , otto octavius , stepping into the spidey suit .
otto believes that with the combination of his intelligence and parker 's inherited memories and spider powers , he can be an uber-spider-man .
when issue # 700 was leaked early , fan reaction -- both positive and negative -- went into overdrive , with a few death threats directed at the issue 's writer , dan slott .
slott reacted on his twitter and facebook by saying he would report any threats : " reality check : there is no such thing as a ' funny death threat . '
it was beyond reality , and it did n't work out for the rangers .
he was later traded to the yankees who happily increased the deal .
good for rodriguez .
but at least he was being paid to work .
read more : nike unveils rory mcilroy : tiger 's heir apparent good for mcilroy .
his baseball cap now switches from titleist to the nike tick .
tv ads have already been shot .
now , i wonder which stable of nike 's sports stallions will he join ?
will he join roger federer and michael jordan at causing little or no offenses on or off the field of play ?
or will he join the middle rank of bad boy athletes who 's off the field scandals do n't cost them their nike deal ; think kobe bryant or of course , tiger woods .
lance armstrong is accused of cheating his fans and his beloved sport and cashed in on that cheating .
( cnn ) -- gabrielle " gabby " giffords stood next to her husband in court thursday as he spoke directly to jared loughner , the arizona man who tried to assassinate the then-congresswoman in a january 2011 shooting .
" mr. loughner , you may have put a bullet through her head , but you have n't put a dent in her spirit and her commitment to make the world a better place , " former astronaut mark kelly said .
giffords was seriously wounded when loughner walked up and shot her in the head during her meet-and-greet event with constituents outside a tucson grocery store on january 8 , 2011 .
a federal judge , a congressional aide and four others were killed and 12 other people suffered wounds .
u.s. district judge larry burns sentenced loughner to serve the rest of his life in prison without the possibility of parole .
the punishment includes seven consecutive life terms plus 140 years .
" the evidence clearly shows that he knew what he was doing , despite his mental illness , " the judge said .
loughner , 24 , spoke just once , confirming to the judge that he would make no statement before sentencing .
" that is true , " he said .
giffords shooting survivors seek federal help in tightening gun laws beside the dramatic appearance by giffords and her husband , nine other victims spoke at the sentencing hearing held in a packed federal courtroom in tuscon .
kelly , in an interview thursday evening with cnn 's piers morgan , said hearing what they had to say " was really a tough thing " for giffords .
" to hear story after story of what the impact of this horrible day had on people was really difficult . "
london , england ( cnn ) -- he 's the man who has just rejected offers of up to $ 700,000 a week in wages -- but who really is kaka ?
and what has he done to deserve so much money ?
wanted man : kaka overcame a spine fracture before getting to the top of world football .
born in brazil in 1982 , ricardo izecson dos santos leite , or " kaka " as he is more commonly known , is a footballer with italian club ac milan .
said to be an amazing talent from a very young age , the attacking midfielder began his career with sao paulo at the tender age of eight , and had signed his first contract before his 16th birthday .
do you think kaka should have stayed at ac milan or taken the money at manchester city ?
tell us in the sound off box below .
however , when all seemed set for a perfect career , kaka suffered a serious , potentially paralyzing injury from a swimming pool accident in 2000 .
kaka did recover though , and it 's something that the deeply religious brazilian has put down to the help of god , and ever since has given some of his income to his church .
once recovered , he did n't waste time in getting his career restarted .
and in mitzpe hila , israel , they gave a hero 's welcome for the young soldier who last saw his hometown five years ago .
the release of israeli soldier gildad shalit in exchange for the eventual release of 1,027 palestinians held by israel unleashed a powerful wave of celebration among palestinians and israelis alike .
it also raised the ire of some israelis , who worry the deal would lead to more violence .
in mitzpe hila , onlookers waved israeli flags , danced , cheered and tossed white roses at a convoy carrying the young soldier home .
he emerged from a white van and briefly acknowledged the crowd with a wave before uniformed officers hustled him away , apparently into his parents ' home .
at the rafah crossing from egypt to gaza , masked hamas gunmen accompanied buses filled with released prisoners to a terminal where they met with friends and relatives for emotional reunions before a mass celebration and parade in gaza city .
some of them chanted , " we want another shalit , " cnn 's matthew chance reported .
crowds of palestinians flooded the streets of gaza , waving flags and banners to welcome the released prisoners home .
they pressed up to buses carrying the prisoners to a rally in gaza city , reaching out to touch the newly freed as they leaned out windows .
people shouted , " with our blood and with our hearts we sacrifice for you prisoners . "
ahmed qawasmi was awaiting the release of his son amer , who was arrested when he was 17 and had been in prison 24 years .
london , england ( cnn ) -- former bosnian leader ejup ganic will not be extradited to serbia , a british court ruled tuesday , setting him free .
ganic called the extradition request " a textbook example of abuse , " accusing the serbian government of trying to " undermine the judiciary in this country . "
the extradition request was politically motivated , justice timothy workman found in throwing it out .
" no striking or substantial new evidence " was brought against him , the judge ruled .
ganic 's lawyer , stephen gentle , denied that he had any role in the 1992 killings in question .
in april , gentle said that " the extradition request is politically motivated .
it is legally flawed , and he has nothing to hide . "
ganic was the vice president of bosnia during the civil war there between 1992 and 1995 and was twice president of the bosnian-croat federation in the years following the 1995 dayton peace agreement .
many independent commentators at the time regarded ganic as a relative moderate in the wartime bosnian leadership .
though bosnian , ganic was born in serbia and speaks with a recognizable serbian accent .
he holds dual nationality in the former yugoslav republics .
he is leaving london for sarajevo on wednesday , he said .
new york ( cnn ) -- a self-described " ex-madam " who claims she supplied fellow city comptroller candidate eliot spitzer with escorts several years ago is facing charges of illegally distributing prescription drugs , authorities said .
kristin davis , 38 , was arrested on monday night and charged with selling adderall , xanax and other drugs .
she 's also accused of orchestrating the sale of approximately 180 oxycodone pills for cash .
" prescription drug abuse is the fastest-growing drug problem in this country , resulting in more overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined , and this office has a zero tolerance policy towards anyone who helps to spread this plague at any level , " preet bharara , manhattan u.s. attorney , said in a statement .
spitzer , weiner and why new york is talking about sex davis is charged with four counts of distributing and possessing with intent to distribute a controlled substance .
she faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count , if convicted .
prosecutors allege that from 2009 through 2011 davis bought ecstasy pills , adderall pills and xanax pills from an fbi cooperating witness at least once a month , paying hundreds of dollars for each purchase .
she told the witness she provided these drugs to people at house parties , authorities say .
an attorney for davis was could not be immediately reached for comment .
davis ' campaign manager , andrew miller , said he was aware of the arrest but could n't provide any information .
marie colvin , a veteran correspondent who was killed in syria last week , died trying to get her shoes so she could escape a shelling attack , her paper reported sunday .
as is the custom in syria , she took off her shoes upon entering a building that was serving as a makeshift press center .
she was on the ground floor when rockets hit the upper floors , the sunday times reported .
thinking then that the building was a target , colvin rushed to retrieve her shoes in the hall .
a rocket landed just a few yards away , the paper said .
colvin , 56 , was the only british newspaper journalist inside the homs neighborhood of baba amr .
she was killed alongside french journalist remi ochlik in the attack wednesday .
her mother , rosemarie colvin , said aid workers have been trying for days to remove her daughter 's body from the war-ravaged country .
she added that she believes her daughter was deliberately targeted by syrian government forces .
" they were first in another house , and the top floors there were blown off , " she said .
" first ( the syrian forces ) rocketed the front of the building , " she said , fueling suspicion that the attack against a makeshift media center where colvin and ochlik were holed up was no accident .
the syrian government was not immediately available for comment .
the day before she was killed , colvin had given media interviews to networks like itn and cnn about the ongoing clashes in homs , and about a child who was killed in the city .
rome ( cnn ) -- italian judges released the captain of the wrecked costa concordia cruise liner from house arrest thursday , but ordered him not to leave his home town while the case against him continues , his lawyer said .
at least 30 people died when the cruise liner struck rocks and turned on its side off the italian island of giglio on january 13 .
schettino faces allegations of manslaughter , causing a shipwreck , abandoning ship , failing to report an accident to the coast guard and destroying a natural habitat , a prosecutor said this year .
the judge leading the preliminary investigations , valeria montesarchio , said it would be easy to keep schettino under " adequate supervision " in meta di sorrento without house arrest because it is a small town , according to court documents released thursday .
in addition , the months schettino has spent under house arrest have already produced a " deterrent effect , " montesarchio said .
concordia disaster focuses attention on how cruise industry operates the judge also lifted a provision barring schettino from communicating with anyone apart from his lawyers and family .
washington ( cnn ) -- it was a long summer for president barack obama , who for months has defended his decision not to send u.s. troops to fight isis on the ground in the middle east .
but lawmakers contend that in the wake of a rapidly-spreading ebola crisis and the upcoming midterm elections , the president 's commitment towards fighting the extremist terrorist organization has fallen short .
comparing the spread of ebola to the isis threat against the united states , sen. lindsey graham , r-south carolina , said sunday that he does n't believe that the president is handling each issue with equal rigor .
" the stronger ebola gets in africa , the more it spreads and the more entrenched it is -- the more endangered we are , " graham told candy crowley on cnn 's " state of the union " sunday .
it seems to be that the president is all in when it comes to ebola .
i want to compliment him for sending troops to help get ahead of this in africa , but we have a series of half-measures with ( isis ) . "
his republican colleague , sen. kelly ayotte of new hampshire , went a step further sunday , saying that the president 's foreign policy " is being trapped by his campaign rhetoric . "
ebola becomes an election issue " i 'm very fearful as we look at the current military strategy that it is surrounding the november elections and that he wo n't have the resolve to follow through with what needs to be done in a sustained effort to destroy isis , and we 're about to repeat the same thing with afghanistan , " ayotte said on fox news sunday .
betancourt , a former presidential candidate in colombia , was held for more than six years by marxist rebels before the colombian military rescued her and 14 others in 2008 .
" meme le silence a une fin , " or " even silence has an end , " will go on sale around the world , the publishing house gallimard said .
in june , betancourt filed a suit , asking for about $ 7 million from the colombian government for the years she spent as a hostage .
betancourt and her family members say the government did not do enough to protect her .
betancourt was freed in a high-profile helicopter rescue mission in july 2008 .
colombian commandos posed as humanitarian aid workers to free the group , which included three u.s. military contractors and 11 colombian police and military members .
in a memoir published last year , the u.s. military contractors rescued along with betancourt painted an unflattering portrait of the dual citizen of france and colombia , describing her as someone who hoarded belongings and let her temper flare during their time in the rebel camp .
cnn 's sarah goddard contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- gordon stoker , who as part of the vocal group the jordanaires sang backup on hits by elvis presley , patsy cline , george jones and countless others , died wednesday at his home in brentwood , tennessee .
he was 88 .
his death was confirmed by the group 's website .
for many years , the jordanaires were elvis ' go-to backup singers , performing on hits including " hound dog , " " are you lonesome tonight " and " crying in the chapel . "
on their own , they generally stuck to gospel , releasing more than a dozen albums over the course of several decades .
the group met presley after a performance with eddy arnold in 1955 .
after presley joined rca in 1956 , he was true to his word .
the group sang with him on both recordings and in concert for the next 14 years .
stoker was n't an original member of the group , which formed in springfield , missouri , in the 1940s .
he was hired as its piano player in 1950 and only became a vocalist later -- staying for more than 60 years , generally as its lead tenor .
" as a longtime member of the vocal quartet the jordanaires , he helped to influence the sound of gospel , country and pop music with a unique and versatile style while recording with an impressive roster of artists , " said the recording academy in a statement .
all five of her works sold in the first half hour of this year 's art basel , the world 's top fair for modern and contemporary art and african style magazine arise described her as " fast becoming the art world 's newest star . "
her work , a combination of drawing , painting , printmaking and collage , combines nigerian and american culture .
" nigeria is almost a third character in my work , " she said .
" a lot of my work is about investigating my love for nigeria and my life in america .
" i met my husband at college and there was some anxiety that if i married outside my culture i would lose my identity , but there is a space in my work where these things come together . "
" if i had n't left nigeria , i would n't be an artist , i would be a doctor , " she said .
" when i told my parents i wanted to be an artist , they could n't get their heads around why an educated person who went to college in america would want to be an artist .
new delhi , india ( cnn ) -- angry workers beat to death a human resources vice president after he laid off 42 employees at an auto-parts manufacturing company in southern india , police said wednesday .
some four to five workers , belonging to a union not recognized by the company , barged into his office and beat him up with iron rods , said n. kannan , a police superintendent of coimbatore in tamil nadu state .
george , 47 , died from his head injuries tuesday , kannan told cnn .
police have arrested nine people and are expected to round up more .
last year the indian head of an italian company died after allegedly being beaten by a mob of sacked employees .
more than 60 people were charged with the murder of the chief executive of graziano transmissioni near new delhi .
companies in the south asian nation , despite its rapid economic growth in recent years , have often been faced with tough labor issues because of archaic laws and company policies on hiring and retrenchment .
business consultants in india blame such labor standoffs on what they call lack of transparency in retrenchment or layoff policies .
hiring and firing conditions are often not explained to workers by their companies , said rajeev karwal , founding-director of milagrow business and knowledge solutions .
issues could spiral out of control if the businesses and bureaucrats are seen in a " corrupt nexus " by the employees seeking reprieve from labor authorities , he said .
( cnn ) -- his name is abdullah x. his slogan : " mind of a scholar , heart of a warrior . "
" abdullah x , " the new web-only cartoon series , is the tale of a young muslim man in london who is struggling with his identity and his faith .
it is a story that its creator , a former extremist who spoke to cnn on condition of anonymity , knows all too well .
" i was struggling with my own identity and sense of belonging when i was growing up -- issues around self-esteem and confidence , and where you fit in with regards to your britishness or your muslimness , " ahmed , as he asked to be called for this story , told cnn .
ahmed said he spent years helping to spread and vocalize " extreme and harsh " worldviews in britain .
he saw efforts by governments and organizations to understand what was fueling anti-western extremism as often " piecemeal and simplistic . "
" young people -- the most vulnerable groups in society -- were caught between government policy perspectives on how you combat terrorism and extremism , and this wall of shame and denial from within communities .
i felt that we needed something that was going to be innovative and engaging . "
so he created abdullah x , the eponymous star of the series and an animated alter-ego that mirrors ahmed 's own journey from former extremist to someone who now hopes to steer young muslims away from violence and extreme views .
kristin davis , 38 , was arrested on monday night and charged with selling adderall , xanax and other drugs .
the candidate was released tuesday on $ 100,000 bail , with a preliminary hearing scheduled for september 5 .
prosecutors said she will have strict pretrial supervision .
" prescription drug abuse is the fastest-growing drug problem in this country , resulting in more overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined , and this office has a zero tolerance policy towards anyone who helps to spread this plague at any level , " preet bharara , manhattan u.s. attorney , said in a statement .
she faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison for each count , if convicted .
she told the witness she provided these drugs to people at house parties , authorities say .
an attorney for davis was could not be immediately reached for comment .
davis ' campaign manager , andrew miller , said he was aware of the arrest but could n't provide any information .
( cnn ) -- amelie mauresmo wants a second life -- one away from tennis .
mauresmo is currently juggling roles as tournament director in paris and captain of france 's fed cup team , alongside coaching and commentating stints .
but the 34-year knows there will come a time when she walks away from the court once and for all , hopefully in the direction of her own vineyard .
she tells cnn 's open court show .
" i have a high passion that is wine ; i am a wine lover , i have a big wine cellar .
" i read a lot of things about wine from around the world and different regions in france .
a world away from the tranquil vines associated with france 's verdant valleys is the slog of the professional tennis circuit -- mauresmo 's home for well over a decade .
as well as clinching those two major championships in 2006 -- the australian open and wimbledon crowns -- she attained the coveted world no. 1 spot on several occasions and won a silver medal the 2004 olympics .
but when injuries began to mount in 2009 and mauresmo took the decision to quit the court , a whole new world presented itself to her .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- the united states knows that the leader of pakistan 's taliban is dead because he has not appeared in public to prove that he is alive , the top u.s. envoy to the region told cnn on monday .
baitullah mehsud , right , and a bodyguard arrive at a meeting in south waziristan , pakistan , in 2004 .
richard holbrooke said that the pakistani taliban have not confirmed the death of baitullah mehsud because of an ongoing power struggle over his successor .
mehsud rarely gave news conferences or appeared before the media .
other media reports have quoted another spokesman for the group as saying mehsud is dead and a mourning period is underway .
u.s. and pakistani government officials have said they are confident that mehsud was killed in the august 5 strike .
dna tests were reportedly being conducted to back up those claims , but u.s. officials have expressed doubt that enough genetic material would be left behind , considering the enormity of the strike .
holbrooke said mehsud 's death has sparked " a succession crisis " among the pakistani taliban .
abidjan , ivory coast ( cnn ) -- the european union announced a recovery package of 180 million euros for the ivory coast on tuesday as residents of the african nation attempted to adjust to life with a clear leader and relative stability after months of bloodshed .
forces arrested former president laurent gbagbo after storming his residence on monday .
ouattara has been recognized internationally as the legitimate winner .
a violent power struggle followed the standoff , with supporters loyal to both sides taking to the streets in protests since december .
hundreds have been killed , according to the united nations and the international committee of the red cross .
andris piebalgs , eu commissioner for development , announced the recovery package on tuesday .
" we will stand by ivory coast and its people by immediately starting to work with the government of president ouattara to support him in getting the country on the right track towards reconciliation , democracy , economic recovery and sustainable development , " he said .
the funding will provide support to ensure basic needs for citizens such as health , water , sanitation and to support the agricultural sector , piebalgs said in a statement .
it also will clear the ivory coast 's debt accumulated through the european investment bank .
top military brass pledged their support to ouattara in a ceremony tuesday at a hotel in abdijan .
gen. phillipe mangou , gbagbo 's former army chief of staff , said on state television that the generals were received by ouattara and given orders to take measures to restore order in the country .
london ( cnn ) -- prince george will be christened on october 23 at the chapel royal , st. james 's palace , his parents , the duke and duchess of cambridge , announced friday .
the christening will be conducted by the archbishop of canterbury , the most reverend justin welby .
his parents , prince william and catherine , have kept him out of the public eye since he left the hospital a day later .
media crews from around the world had spent days camped outside the hospital waiting to see the royal baby , who is the great-grandson of queen elizabeth ii .
the world got its first glimpse of george since then in family photographs released last month .
they were taken by catherine 's father , michael middleton , in the garden of his berkshire home .
the baby is third in line for the throne now occupied by the queen .
her son , charles , would succeed her , followed by his oldest son , william .
catherine makes first public appearance since royal baby was born
( cnn ) -- " you are obviously , to me , always going to be the dude , " piers morgan said to jeff bridges , referring to the actor 's title role in the 1998 coen brothers movie , " the big lebowski . "
the oscar-winning actor is a guest on thursday 's " piers morgan tonight . "
bridges , who took a year off from movies to focus on his music career , will release his self-titled album august 16 .
" to millions of people around the world , jeff bridges , you will always be the dude .
i ca n't pretend anything else . "
the cnn host proudly stated that he " ritually " watches " lebowski " annually .
" i read that thing and i , you know , it made me laugh -- all the way through it , " said bridges .
" john goodman came out with a great quote about your performance , " said morgan .
when you look at the diamond , you do n't think of the work , you just notice there are no flaws . ' "
bridges , whose hollywood career has spanned some 40 years and 60 films , openly admitted that he owes his great success to his veteran actor dad , lloyd bridges .
" i 'm a product of nepotism , " said bridges .
" my dad , you know ... the hardest thing about acting as a profession is getting the break . "
louisville , kentucky ( cnn ) -- a secret audio recording of their biggest election year target -- sen. mitch mcconnell -- talking to a donor summit arranged by the koch brothers , the democrats ' 2014 bogeymen .
democrats pushed " the nation " story around online with frenetic glee .
mcconnell 's democratic challenger for his kentucky seat , alison lundergan grimes , could n't wait to whack him on it , telling cnn in an exclusive interview that " mitch mcconnell got caught in his 47 % mitt romney moment . "
" i think it shows the extent and the lengths he will go to to pander to his party millionaires and billionaires at the expense of hurting kentuckians , " grimes told cnn .
the problem with the democrats ' argument is that romney 's 47 % moment was only a moment because he was saying to donors in private something he would never have dared to utter in public : " forty-seven percent who are with him , who are dependent upon government , who believe that they are victims , who believe that government has a responsibility to care for them , who believe that they are entitled to health care , to food , to housing , to you name it .
but unlike romney , what mcconnell said to the koch brothers are things he has said in public , and more importantly , his comments mirror positions he has publicly backed with actual senate votes : opposition to democrats ' plans to increase the minimum wage , extend unemployment insurance and make student loans more affordable through the tax system .
dry tortugas national park , florida ( cnn ) -- weather and time have inflicted more damage to fort jefferson than hostile cannon fire ever did .
built on an island in florida 's dry tortugas , 70 miles past key west , the fort is being restored by a squad of craftsmen who spend three-week shifts there between hurricane seasons .
a cocoon of mesh and scaffolding shrouds one section of its 8-foot-thick walls as they work .
it 's a grueling job , but it 's one dennis wood , a mason from massachusetts , says he 's glad to have .
" things are slow today , you know , " wood said .
" got a job offer to come down here for the winter , so we took it . "
efforts to restore fort jefferson have been under way for about 30 years .
the current phase received a boost from the economic stimulus bill that passed congress in 2009 , which devoted $ 7 million to the project .
but planners estimate another $ 13 million is needed , and that money has yet to be allocated .
the six-sided fort , roughly the size of yankee stadium , was designed to protect shipping lanes through the gulf of mexico .
construction began in 1846 , but advancements in the science of artillery rendered it obsolete before it was finished .
during the civil war , the confederacy never bothered to try to seize it from union forces .
the union kept a garrison of about 2,000 men there and used it mostly as a prison for confederate captives and deserters .
it was n't until after the war that it received its most famous inmate -- samuel mudd , the maryland doctor convicted of aiding abraham lincoln 's assassin , john wilkes booth , by setting his broken leg .
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- a key witness in the anna nicole smith drug trial denied wednesday that she was coached by the prosecutor on testimony the defense argued is false .
the judge also released dozens of personal photos of the actress with her infant daughter , dannielynn , and boyfriend-lawyer howard k. stern .
the defense showed the pictures to jurors to counter the argument that smith was drugged during much of her last months .
the trial , in its seventh week , took a dramatic turn wednesday when defense attorney steve sadow accused prosecutor renee rose of knowingly having nadine alexie , a former smith nanny , lie on the stand .
" the people ( prosecution ) know this is fraudulent , " sadow said at the end of the direct testimony of alexie .
if judge robert perry accepts a defense motion to strike the entire testimony of the nanny , it would be a major blow to an already staggered prosecution case .
he already ordered the jury to ignore a portion of the testimony of alexie 's sister-in-law , quethelie alexis , because he found it unreliable .
alexie and alexis were supposed to be star witnesses for the prosecution .
they both worked for smith in the bahamas for several months after the birth of her daughter in september 2006 .
in an interview with mtv 's sway calloway thursday , brown opened up about his own history with domestic violence in light of rice being cut from the baltimore ravens and suspended from the league after a leaked video depicted the player punching his now-wife , janay rice .
" to ray or anybody else , because i 'm not better than the next man , i can just say i 've been down that road , " brown told mtv news .
" it 's all about the choices you do make , " brown told calloway .
" i deal with a lot of anger issues from my past , not knowing how to express myself verbally and at the same time not knowing how to cope with my emotions and deal with them and understand what they were . "
it 's not supposed to stay there , you 're not supposed to keep it inside , because it 'll just bottle up and you 'll become a monster . ' "
( cnn ) -- maria sharapova has pulled out of the season-ending wta championships in istanbul after suffering successive straight-sets defeats .
the russian lost to china 's li na 7-6 ( 7-4 ) 6-4 , who had herself not won a match , or even a set , since august .
it was a match that ebbed and flowed as li came from 2-4 down in the first set to force a tie-break , which she won despite losing the first four points .
li , who this year became the first asian grand slam winner after victory in the french open , then fought off a late sharapova surge when 5-2 up to take the second set 6-4 .
" i just have to be pleased that i recovered quickly enough to allow myself a chance of playing here , " she told afp .
rebel-controlled northern syria ( cnn ) -- mohamed rashid walked out of the gate of his house with a giant blood stain on his white t-shirt .
" this is the blood of a martyr !
" this is his blood .
it is pure ! "
mad with grief , rashid kissed his bloody t-shirt before being led away by worried relatives .
just hours before , rashid learned his son abdul was killed in battle in the syrian city of aleppo .
housam abdul rashid was a 22-year-old defector from the army .
he was also the fourth man from his small hilltop village to be killed fighting for the rebels .
the younger rashid is one of the casualties of the five-day-old rebel offensive on aleppo , the country 's commercial capital .
another rebel , who asked only to be named " khorshid " because his wife and children were still living in aleppo , described how his comrade was killed by a helicopter gunship , while climbing onto a rooftop .
syria : as al-assad 's grip loosens , what could come next ?
" housam 's specialty was a sniper , " khorshid said .
" he went to the roof , and a helicopter gunship killed him .
another fighter from aleppo with him was also killed .
i was just 4 meters away when it happened . "
rebel commanders and fighters claimed they made gains , particularly in the neighborhood of salahuddin .
( cnn ) -- many have claimed to know the identity of the notorious zodiac killer , who terrorized northern california with a trail of unresolved murders in the 1960s .
but their stories have not panned out .
now , a louisiana man believes he has the definitive answer to the chilling mystery : who was the crazed , elusive killer who wrote letters bragging about his conquests ?
gary stewart says it was earl van best , jr. , his biological father , who died in 1984 .
" i believe for the first time in the history of this case that i have presented more evidence that has ever been presented on any one suspect , " stewart told cnn 's erin burnett about his new book .
the zodiac killer has been connected to five deaths between 1968-69 .
though he was never caught , he gained notoriety by writing several letters to police and newspapers boasting of the slayings .
he included swatches of bloody clothing as proof of his claims of killing as many as 37 people .
stewart 's quest for dad stewart was born in new orleans , abandoned as a newborn in a stairwell in baton rouge , and later adopted .
about 10 years ago , when he was 39 , his birth mother , judy , contacted him for the first time .
he then began his search for his biological father , whom both had not contacted since stewart was abandoned .
the vice president of a cleaning company in the capital of louisiana recounted his decade-long search for his biological father , which ended with the discovery that best was the serial killer .
atlanta , georgia ( cnn ) -- wearing a plaid green a-line spring skirt from her new fashion line , paired with a black patent leather belt and black leather gladiator sandal stilettos , " sex and the city " actress kristin davis is the perfect combination of sweet and fierce when we meet up after her fashion show at the belk department store in atlanta , georgia .
kristin davis surrounded by models and belk store official arlene goldstein .
it 's a look that totally says her character , charlotte , with a little bit of screen pal carrie .
davis is so much like her character , adorable and upbeat , i expect carrie or samantha to drop in on our conversation and say something to shock her .
as any true fan knows ... ok ... as every woman knows , watching " sex and the city " was like being front row at a fashion show with a plot .
tv show and movie costume designer patricia field dressed the characters in haute couture as they skipped down the streets of new york city in $ 600 stilettos .
but is this reality ?
most sane women would n't choose to walk even one city block in high heels .
so , what about us , the fashionistas on a budget ?
are we to be ignored , forced to wear boring clothing and practical shoes ?
luckily , no ; designers are catching on .
target features affordable lines from high-end designers like alexander mcqueen and isaac mizrahi .
the church massacre remains vivid for nzeribe three years later -- as are the scars on his face , neck and arm .
the muslim extremists fired shots into the air and shouted " allah hu akbar , " or god is great .
nzeribe and 13 other christians hit the floor .
the masked gunmen shot the 13 worshippers in the head , fatally .
" as soon as i saw the man , i knew it was over for me , " nzeribe , 33 , said about the gunman .
" the only thing i could do was say a last prayer , which was ' blood of jesus cover me . '
" and that was it for me , " he told cnn .
" i would say i died in the process , " nzeribe added .
" but god brought me back to life . "
rescuers took him to a local hospital in mubi , a suburban area in northeastern nigeria where he was part of a christian minority and where the mass shooting in church occurred .
dallas ( cnn ) -- polygamist leader warren jeffs remained in critical condition in a texas hospital on tuesday , but was not in a coma and is expected to recover , state prison officials said .
" he 's somewhat sedated , but he is responsive , " clark wrote .
lyons said that in addition to not eating , he had " bigger issues that required medical attention . "
prison officials have not elaborated on those conditions , citing inmate privacy rules .
jeffs was convicted in early august of the aggravated sexual assaults of a 12-year-old girl and a 15-year-old girl he claimed were his " spiritual wives . "
his church is a breakaway mormon sect that practices polygamy , which the mainstream mormon church renounced more than a century ago .
jeffs was sent to a hospital in tyler on sunday night and was in critical but stable condition tuesday .
he told officials at the powledge prison unit that he was not on a hunger strike , but had been " fasting , " clark said .
" while he definitely is eating and drinking some , it just was n't as much as he should , " clark said .
( cnn ) -- mike ellery was always used to having his little sister trying to copy him -- but not even he saw her latest stunt coming .
while the 24-year-old was always destined to be a rugby star for england , never did he think that he 'd be traveling across the world with his sister , megan , in tow .
for the first time ever , england 's squad has a brother and sister competing on the international stage -- just a bit different from tackling each other inside the family home .
" i can show you several scars and bruises from our upbringing , " megan told cnn 's rugby sevens worldwide show .
" we used to play across the landing at home whenever mike wanted to try out his new steps , and yeah , it did n't end well for me . "
rugby sevens -- the faster and shorter form of union -- is one of the world 's fastest growing sports and will make its olympic debut at rio de janeiro in 2016 .
it was here , while watching her older brother impress , that megan dreamed of doing similar .
" penrith is absolutely rugby mad , " she told cnn .
( entertainment weekly ) -- in the movies , " the suburbs " are never just a place .
they 're a state of mind , a mythology we all know in our bones .
kate winslet and leonardo dicaprio share a happy moment in " revolutionary road . "
the myth goes something like this : the suburbs are comfortable , maybe even beautiful , but their serenity is rooted in a friendly american conformity , so that the people who live there have to repress their true selves , which will emerge when they drink too much and have affairs , or rage at each other for their dishonesty , which was all caused in the first place by ... the suburbs .
the best thing about " revolutionary road , " a cool-blooded and disquieting adaptation of richard yates ' 1961 novel about a powerfully unhappy connecticut couple , is that it does n't end with that rote vision of bourgeois anomie .
it only begins there .
the year is 1955 , and frank has a new york job that bores him , marketing business machines .
he takes solace in feeling superior to his work , and also in his midday martinis and occasional dip into the secretarial pool .
april , meanwhile , wanted to be an actress , and still feels she 's meant for higher things .
watch dicaprio and winslet talk about their reunion » moved to reach for something more , april comes up with a plan : she and frank will sell their home and move to paris , where she 'll work as a government secretary and he will ... find himself .
" revolutionary road " was directed by sam mendes , who made the glibly scathing " american beauty , " only here he wants us to share not just frank and april 's misery but the frail reveries that hold them together .
( cnn ) -- celebrity chef paula deen 's sons staunchly defended their mother tuesday , saying allegations of racism are false " character assassination . "
" our mother is one of the most compassionate , good-hearted , empathetic people that you 'd ever meet , " he added .
in a recent lawsuit deposition , deen admitted having used the " n-word " long ago .
but the deen sons -- also chefs with tv shows , and part of their family 's restaurant businesses -- insisted the depictions of their mother are an effort by the plaintiff to get a chunk of the family fortune .
we have strong , educated men and women of character that have been with us for five , 10 , 15 , 20 years .
to think they would allow themselves to be in this position is simply baloney .
it 's ridiculous . "
when he was a child , jamie deen said , his parents taught him the story of his hero , baseball legend hank aaron .
( cnn ) -- the supreme court has just agreed to take on the case of fisher v. university of texas .
abigail fisher , a white woman , argues that she has been a victim of the university 's race-conscious admission policies ; the university contends that its drive for racial and ethnic diversity is educationally enriching -- a benefit to all students .
will the ugly discourse that generally characterizes debate over racially preferential policies disappear with the wave of a magic supreme court wand ?
it arrived in the early 1970s and , despite many attacks , some of which have taken the form of amendments to state constitutions , it has survived in pretty fine fettle .
the court will have only eight justices to hear the arguments .
elena kagan , having been involved in the case as solicitor general in the obama administration , has bowed out of participation .
her absence , however , leaves five justices likely to express at least some degree of skepticism about the racial preferences given to non-asian minorities in the admissions process .
maybe .
this picture has been well known for a long time .
heartbreaking , yes , because the numbers mean the underperforming minority students are being woefully ill served by the k-12 school system .
moreover , arriving at institutions of higher education with an academic disadvantage , they do not catch up , as it has become clear .
( cnn ) -- four days after suffering a humbling defeat to simona halep , serena williams turned the tables on the romanian to win a fifth wta finals title with a crushing straight sets 6-3 6-0 victory in singapore sunday .
williams had called her 6-2 6-0 reverse in round-robin group play wednesday " embarrassing " and she set about putting the record straight in the title match .
fourth-ranked halep began where she left off to take an early 2-1 lead with a break of service , but this was a very different williams on the other side of the net .
the world number one immediately broke back and a further break to lead 5-3 was the start of eight games in a row without reply .
a total of 26 winners flowed from the racket of the 33-year-old american veteran -- who was winning the end of season crown for the third straight year -- the first player since monica seles in 1992 to achieve the feat .
" she was playing so well at the beginning and i told myself to just relax and once i did that i started playing better and making my shots , " williams told the official wta website .
" i lost to her a couple of days ago so i knew she was capable of playing really well , but i knew i had to play better if i wanted to win .
williams ' participation in the wta finals had been in doubt after she pulled out of a warmup tournament in china with a knee injury .
( cnn ) -- uk lawmakers have voted in the house of commons to recognize palestine as a state " as a contribution to securing a negotiated two state solution . "
the motion was backed overwhelmingly monday by 274 votes to 12 .
the motion passed was , " that this house believes that the government should recognise the state of palestine alongside the state of israel , as a contribution to securing a negotiated two state solution .
however , it lends added weight within europe to calls for palestinian statehood .
ten days earlier , the new government in sweden said it would recognize a palestinian state .
" a two-state solution requires mutual recognition and a will to coexist peacefully .
therefore , sweden will recognise the state of palestine , " said prime minister stefan lofven in his first statement of government policy .
' not a gift , but a right ' the uk vote came after five hours of debate in the house .
" i have never wavered in that view and i believe that the earlier that state comes about the better , both for the palestinians and for the middle east as a whole , " he said .
shadow foreign minister ian lucas , of the opposition labour party , said the motion would be supported by his party but that the timing and manner of deciding whether to recognize palestinian statehood was a matter for the current coalition government .
( cnn ) -- jenni-lynn watson 's shorthand while sending text messages came back to haunt the young man who pleaded guilty tuesday in syracuse , new york , to killing the college student , a prosecutor said .
although the 20-year-old victim 's cell phone was never found , investigators were able to review call and text messages made by watson and steven pieper , the man she was breaking up with , onondaga county district william fitzpatrick told cnn .
after dumping watson 's body , pieper , 21 , tried to cover up by texting a mutual friend of theirs , pretending to be watson , fitzpatrick said .
using the letters " gtg " apparently did him in .
police looked at pieper 's phone , which was left november 19 , 2010 , at watson 's home in the syracuse suburb of liverpool , and pored over records , fitzpatrick said .
pieper pleaded guilty in onondaga county court to second-degree murder in the strangling of watson .
rather than 25 years to life , a plea agreement calls for him to receive a sentence of 23 years to life at the march 8 sentencing , fitzpatrick said , adding pieper must serve 23 years before he gets a parole hearing .
cnn left messages for brenneck on tuesday .
tripoli , libya ( cnn ) -- at first glance , " mahmoud " would seem the perfect candidate to be a supporter of moammar gadhafi .
but , as with many things in tripoli , a first glance can be deceiving .
" ninety percent of the people in tripoli hate gadhafi , " mahmoud told me over sips of espresso at a corner coffee shop this weekend .
" all his people do is tell lies .
if anyone tells you different they are just afraid . "
cnn is withholding his real name for his own safety .
but i recently managed to slip away from government minders to talk directly to several libyans .
and according to several eyewitness accounts , major demonstrations were held against libya 's strongman as recently as last week .
and in the souq al-juma neighborhood of the capital , where anti-gadhafi protests first erupted in february , the government 's propaganda bubble is quickly burst .
while international journalists including me were ferried by government minders to a pro-gadhafi rally at green square on friday afternoon , multiple sources tell cnn that several tripoli neighborhoods were wracked by running battles between protesters and security forces .
" they were protesting right around the corner .
( cnn ) -- a woman hospitalized after spending time in a sauna-like " sweatbox " has died , bringing the total fatalities to three , authorities said late saturday .
retreat participants spent up to two hours inside the sweatbox , the sheriff 's office said .
she died at the flagstaff medical center , the yavapai county sheriff 's office said .
there were up to 65 visitors , ages 30 to 60 , at the resort attending the " spiritual warrior " program by self-help expert james arthur ray , according to authorities .
hot rocks and water are used to create steam in the enclosed environment .
neuman 's attorney , lou diesel , told cnn her family is cooperating with the investigation and once it 's complete , he will " take all the appropriate actions in response to those responsible for liz 's death . "
two people were pronounced dead shortly after arrival at a local medical center .
a homicide investigation into the incident is under way , authorities said .
the other retreat participants who were hospitalized have since been released .
ray is widely known for programs that claim to teach individuals how to create wealth from all aspects of their lives -- financially , mentally , physically and spiritually .
he has appeared on various national programs , including cnn 's " larry king live . "
( tribune media services ) -- look out for cancellation penalties .
beware of energy surcharges .
and watch for facilities fees .
hertz lost $ 73 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 .
no , not on your airline ticket .
not on your hotel folio .
you may find these new extras on your next car rental bill .
beleaguered auto rental firms are quietly adding new surcharges designed to lift revenues in a recessionary economy .
to get an idea of how absurd it 's becoming meet jim swofford .
he found a mysterious $ 5 fee on his hertz bill recently , which a representative described as a cancellation fee .
car rental companies typically do n't charge their customers for cancellations , so swofford , who frequently rents from hertz , said he did n't want another car he 'd reserved for later .
" that 'll be $ 25 , " the agent told him .
" she said that would result in a $ 50 fee . "
or talk to eric hegwer , a photographer from austin , texas , who spotted a $ 1 " energy surcharge " on his hertz car rental bill recently .
" my previous rentals did n't have one , " he says .
i asked hertz about the two new surcharges .
company spokeswoman paula rivera told me the cancellation fee , which was added in december , applied only to prepaid reservations and is meant to " reimburse hertz for the paperwork and billing involved with a prepaid reservation . "
the energy surcharge , which was added in october , bills all rentals in most states an additional $ 1 a day " to offset the increasing costs of utilities , bus fuel , oil and grease , " she said .
( cnn ) -- fantasia barrino left the charlotte , north carolina , hospital wednesday where she was admitted monday after overdosing on " aspirin and a sleep aid , " her manager said .
" she has been lifted up by the outpouring of love and support from her fans , " brian dickens said in a written statement wednesday evening .
barrino 's overdose came the same day she read a court complaint from a woman who alleged that the singer carried on a year-long affair with her husband , dickens said .
audio of the 911 call made monday evening from barrino 's home was released by police wednesday .
" an individual took a bottle of aspirin , and she 's slowly losing consciousness , " the caller said .
the incident capped off a day for barrino that included a barrage of media reports about a child custody case filed last week .
paula cook charged that barrino and her husband , antwaun cook , became romantically involved last august .
" fantasia is heartbroken and is sorry for any pain she may have caused , " dickens said in a written statement tuesday .
" yesterday , she was totally overwhelmed by the lawsuit and the media attention . "
the former " american idol " winner 's affair was based on lies he told her , dickens said .
" fantasia believed mr. cook when he told her he was not happy in his marriage and his heart was not in it , " dickens said .
" she believed him when he told her he and mrs. cook separated in the late summer of 2009 .
she believed mr. cook when he told her he lived elsewhere . "
( cnn ) -- felix baumgartner made headlines around the world when he fell 24 miles from near-space to a desert in roswell , new mexico , and lived to tell the tale .
the jump put baumgartner in the record books and spelled publicity for the sponsor , red bull , a caffeinated sugar-y drink building a reputation for risk and adventure .
baumgartner risked death .
was it worth it ?
something in the human character must yearn to break into the record books .
baumgartner did set a record for supersonic travel by a human , 65 years after chuck yeager exceeded the speed of sound in an experimental plane .
one used a rocket engine , the other used gravity ; both went pretty fast .
but yeager was testing experimental planes at higher and higher altitudes and speeds , one of the steps toward getting into space .
the red bull extravaganza , said several involved with the project , would be useful for developing new and better space suits .
my guess is that tests in a wind tunnel or a freezer would suffice , and neither would require risking a life .
they took turns at the bullhorn accusing the paper of everything from libel to genocide .
they did n't bring a list of demands ; they were n't looking to negotiate .
they had one goal : to shut the paper down forever .
" we 're going to march until the walls come down , " one shouted .
not chuck stone .
picketers committed to the complete destruction of the daily news returned his smile or nodded in recognition as they passed him .
a few even shook his hand .
i 'll never forget that scene .
it was , at once , improbable yet typical of a man who was as comfortable in the salons of power as he was in the embrace of the disadvantaged .
chuck was the last man you 'd pick out of a lineup of guys suspected of aiding and abetting dangerous felons .
in his horn-rimmed glasses , hand-tied , silk bowties and graying crew cut , he looked like a grown-up version of the nerds that tough guys used to beat up to burnish their reps. but fugitives who were wanted for vicious assaults and heinous crimes would call chuck before they called their lawyers .
in a town where some cops were known to administer curbside justice , surrendering to chuck stone was a way to keep from having their faces rearranged on the way to jail .
at least 75 fugitives did just that over stone 's 19-year career .
city manager mancini has officially appealed against chris foy 's decision to dismiss kompany in the 12th minute of the 3-2 home defeat that ended his side 's english fa cup title defense at the first hurdle , and blamed rooney for influencing the referee .
" it was not a red card .
rooney told him his decision , " mancini told reporters after the match , before referring to an incident last week when he gesticulated from the touchline to have an opposing player punished .
" when i did this against liverpool , people told me not to do it .
i said i was sorry and made a mistake . "
who are football 's top january transfer targets ?
rooney , however , insisted on his twitter account that he had done no wrong .
" funny how people think i got kompany sent off .
im not ref .
i did n't give red card .
but it was a clear red card .
2 footed tackle , " he wrote on the social networking website on monday .
united boss alex ferguson agreed with rooney that kompany deserved to be sent off .
" i think so , i 've seen him do it before -- he maybe got off in the past .
marie colvin , a veteran correspondent who was killed in syria last week , died trying to get her shoes so she could escape a shelling attack , her paper reported sunday .
as is the custom in syria , she took off her shoes upon entering a building that was serving as a makeshift press center .
she was on the ground floor when rockets hit the upper floors , the sunday times reported .
thinking then that the building was a target , colvin rushed to retrieve her shoes in the hall .
a rocket landed just a few yards away , the paper said .
she was killed alongside french journalist remi ochlik in the attack wednesday .
her mother , rosemarie colvin , said aid workers have been trying for days to remove her daughter 's body from the war-ravaged country .
she added that she believes her daughter was deliberately targeted by syrian government forces .
" they were first in another house , and the top floors there were blown off , " she said .
" first ( the syrian forces ) rocketed the front of the building , " she said , fueling suspicion that the attack against a makeshift media center where colvin and ochlik were holed up was no accident .
the syrian government was not immediately available for comment .
the day before she was killed , colvin had given media interviews to networks like itn and cnn about the ongoing clashes in homs , and about a child who was killed in the city .
rafael nadal and novak djokovic ca n't stop playing classics .
in a contest with memorable baseline rallies that routinely got the crowd off their feet , it was nadal -- just like in paris -- who prevailed to set up a clash with home favorite milos raonic .
he improved to 9-0 on hard courts this season and boosted his overall record against djokovic to 21-15 .
" to play very well , i have to play aggressive , " nadal was quoted as saying by the atp 's website .
" if not , i can not play well on this kind of surface .
and i did .
i played with the right decisions in the important moments .
yes , the serve worked well during the whole night .
and the shots from the baseline , i tried to stay very close to the baseline . "
the loss is a blow to djokovic , whose best surface is hard courts .
he had won the tournament the previous two years .
" there were very few points that decided the winner , " djokovic was quoted as saying by the atp 's website .
" i had my chances , he had his chances .
nine years after the assassination of former prime minister rafik hariri , a seismic event in lebanese history , the trial of four men accused of his killing opened thursday in a special united nations-backed court .
however , the stand at the special tribunal for lebanon in the hague was empty , with the suspects -- alleged associates of the shiite militant group hezbollah -- still on the run .
billionaire statesman hariri was killed in february 2005 when a bomb struck his motorcade near the beirut seafront .
the blast ripped apart his armored car and destroyed the motorcade , killing 21 other people and wounding more than 200 others .
it was a moment that changed lebanese history , fueling the sectarian divisions between sunni and shiite muslims in the mediterranean country and leading to the withdrawal of syrian troops .
the special court investigating the assassination announced in february 2012 that mustafa badreddine , salim ayyash , hussein oneissi and assad sabra would be tried in absentia .
they face counts ranging from conspiracy to commit a terrorist act to murder and attempted murder .
hezbollah denies involvement .
hearing streamed live presiding judge david re opened the trial , presenting the indictments against the accused .
thursday 's hearing also included the prosecution 's opening statements , expected to continue until friday , according to the official twitter account of the special tribunal for lebanon .
tears welled in his eyes as he leaned down to touch one of the crosses .
bryant middleton kneels by a row of white crosses on the grounds of a former reform school he attended .
" this should n't be . "
thirty-one crosses made of tubular steel and painted white line up unevenly in the grass and weeds of what used to be the grounds of a reform school in marianna , florida .
the anonymous crosses are rusting away but their secrets may soon be exposed .
they 'd say , " well , he ran away and the swamp got him , " kiser recalled .
or , " the gators got him . "
or , ' water moccasins got him . "
watch middleton kneel by the crosses » on the orders of gov. charlie crist , the florida department of law enforcement last week opened an investigation to determine if anyone is buried here , whether crimes were committed , and if so , who was responsible .
a group of men in their 60s , who once attended the school , have told investigators they believe the bodies are classmates who disappeared after being savagely beaten by administrators and workers .
the fdle is just beginning its investigation , so there is no way to know if there is any truth to the allegations .
the investigation will be challenging .
finding records and witnesses from nearly half a century ago will be difficult if not impossible .
many of the administrators and employees of the reform school are dead .
read more about the investigation
( cnn ) -- treasure hunter christian hanisch told cnn thursday that the hunt for nazi gold and possibly the legendary amber room will end friday after the two men leading the expedition had a disagreement .
treasure hunters began drilling again tuesday to try to locate the lost nazi gold .
heinz-peter haustein , the other treasure hunter , told germany 's bild newspaper that geophysicists will now re-evaluate the situation and that digging may resume in two weeks .
cnn has so far not been able to reach haustein for confirmation .
" haustein told me to get out of here immediately , " an angry hanisch told cnn in a telephone interview .
he said haustein , who is also the mayor of the village deutschneudorf , where the digging is taking place , told him he wanted to make the expedition more credible by calling in the scientists .
see photos from hunt for lost nazi gold » " it ca n't get any more credible than now , " said hanisch , whose measurements had allegedly pinpointed the treasure .
" they just always dug around there , but never at the exact location where i wanted them to dig , " he said .
the two treasure hunters had said geological surveying had revealed an underground cave holding large amounts of precious metal .
they said it could be a holding area dug by the nazis who used it to stash valuables in world war ii .
haustein said he also believes the legendary amber room , an interior made of gold and amber that the nazis had looted from a palace in st. petersburg , after adolf hitler 's forces invaded the soviet union in 1941 , was also hidden somewhere in the mountains around deutschneudorf -- and that finding a stash of gold could give clues as to the whereabouts of the amber room .
( cnn ) -- it was tense , nerve-shredding , prime-time viewing .
no , not the new series of " boardwalk empire , " but a soccer match with 31 penalties .
tuesday 's english league cup match between liverpool and second division middlesbrough was a marathon encounter which finally came to a conclusion at 10:42 pm local time -- almost three hours after it had kicked off .
level at 1-1 after 90 minutes at liverpool 's anfield stadium and locked together at 2-2 after two hours of play , the two teams began a record-breaking penalty shootout .
after all 11 players on both teams -- including the two goalkeepers -- had taken a spot kick , only two penalties had been missed .
as a result , with the score in the shootout level at 10-10 , the first penalty takers had to go again .
but , as always in these heartbreaking football deciders , there has to be a fall guy .
that was middlesbrough 's albert adomah , who sliced his penalty wide of the goal to give liverpool the win .
the final score in the shootout was 14-13 , with both teams having taken 15 penalties each .
when you include the penalty scored by middlesbrough substitute patrick bamford to make the score 2-2 in the dying moments of extratime , there was a grand total of 31 spot kicks in an extraordinary match -- a competition record .
" i do n't have words to explain my feelings now , " middlesbrough manager , and former real madrid no. 2 , aitor karanka remarked after the match .
joint base lewis-mcchord , washington ( cnn ) -- for three weeks , security fears kept u.s. authorities from searching the afghan village where an american soldier is accused of killing 16 afghans , an army investigator testified wednesday .
local tempers were so high over the killings that it was too dangerous for the americans to go , said matthew hoffman , a special agent with the army criminal investigation command .
" we were fully expecting to be attacked at any time , " hoffman said .
" we did n't know how much time we had for our investigation . "
hoffman 's testimony came during an article 32 hearing for staff sgt. robert bales , the soldier charged in the killings .
the hearing at joint base lewis-mcchord , near tacoma , washington , will determine whether bales will face trial for the deaths .
hoffman was the lead investigator in the case .
his team collected blood samples , took photographs and found a number of 9 mm shells at the site , but much of the evidence had been collected by afghan troops the day after the march 11 killings , he said .
the shooting spree near a small u.s. outpost in afghanistan 's kandahar province last march strained already tense u.s.-afghan relations and intensified a debate about whether to pull out american troops ahead of their planned 2014 withdrawal .
stunned friends recall good deeds of killing suspect bales is charged with 16 counts of premeditated murder , six counts of attempted murder , seven counts of assault and the illicit use of alcohol and steroids .
he could be sentenced to death if convicted .
( cnn ) -- the nba finals are now all-square at 2-2 after the dallas mavericks defeated the miami heat 86-83 in a thrilling game four of the best-of-seven-series .
once again in-form dirk nowitzki top scored for the mavericks , scoring 21 points , with 10 of these coming in the final quarter , as the lead changed hands no fewer than 12 times on tuesday .
however , the game 's overall top scorer was dwyane wade with 32 points for the heat , while chris bosh helped himself to 24 points .
this year 's final is a rematch of the 2006 nba championship series that miami took in six games for its first title in franchise history .
dallas has never won the nba title in its 31-year history .
( cnn ) -- ukraine has been wracked with ceaseless demonstrations for weeks as protesters demand constitutional reform and a closer relationship with europe instead of russia .
still , activists say that while they 're pleased by these developments , their fundamental concerns have yet to be addressed .
cnn ireport had the opportunity to speak to a native ukrainian who has spent days on the streets of central kiev , the power base of the opposition .
the 31-year-old , who works as a project manager , has been photographing and standing alongside those who are protesting .
he shared his thoughts and photos to provide a firsthand view of the demonstrations and the motivations behind them .
freddy ua asked to be identified with an alias for his protection because of the current state of his country .
the interview below has been edited for clarity and brevity .
cnn : when did you first get interested in the protesting ?
ua : the ukrainian people started protesting in november , after the authorities announced they were not ready to sign an agreement with the european union .
a lot of people , including me , were disappointed by this action .
washington ( cnn ) -- with his budget approved by the house , paul ryan is turning his attention to iowa to headline a high-profile republican event that will only fuel speculation he 's laying the groundwork for a potential presidential run in 2016 .
lawmakers approved the wisconsin republican 's 2015 spending plan on thursday .
but there were notable conservative defections , making his appearance at friday 's lincoln dinner in cedar rapids more interesting .
the question that confronts ryan is whether his budget , dubbed the " path to prosperity , " will help pave a path for him to compete in the early contest state in two years .
ryan 's role as the chief fiscal expert in the gop is the main reason he was tapped as mitt romney 's running mate in 2012 , and remains his main calling card in a potential national campaign .
since republicans took control of the house in 2010 , top gop leaders have deferred to the budget committee chairman to construct the party 's blueprint to address the growing national debt .
he has shepherded four budgets through the house and brokered a deal with democrats last fall to avoid another government shutdown and possible default on the nation 's credit limit .
ryan budget details some say not aggressive enough but that resume has not won over some tea party groups who believe ryan is n't ' being aggressive enough about slashing the size of the federal government .
the group of fiscal conservatives in the house introduced an alternative budget that balances the federal budget in four years , instead of the 10 years in ryan 's plan .
mexico city , mexico ( cnn ) -- the police chief in cancún has been relieved of his duties and placed under house arrest while he is investigated in the killing of a retired mexican general who had been the area 's anti-drug chief for less than 24 hours , mexican media are reporting .
a mexican soldier guards the entrance at a cancún police station where the military is investigating a murder .
francisco velasco delgado was detained by military officials early monday and flown to mexico city , where he was placed under 45 days of house arrest , according to the media reports .
with delgado 's removal , the military has taken over the cancún police force , several newspapers reported .
cancún mayor gregorio sanchez martinez said the move was made " to facilitate all types of investigations into the triple murder that happened last week , " the diario de yucatan newspaper said .
salvador rocha vargas , the secretary for public security for the state of quintana roo , will lead the police force .
he said he will take all the pertinent measures " to clean up the cancún police , " the excelsior newspaper reported tuesday .
retired gen. mauro enrique tello quinonez 's bullet-riddled body was found a week ago on a road outside cancún .
authorities said he had been tortured before being shot 11 times .
his aide and a driver also were tortured and killed .
quintana roo state prosecutor bello melchor rodriguez y carrillo said last week there was no doubt tello and the others were victims of organized crime .
" he had burns on his skin and bones in his hands and wrists were broken . "
the striker popularly known as ' chucho ' passed away in the qatari capital doha , one day after playing his first game for new side el jaish .
having played at the 2006 world cup as a youngster , benitez had developed into an important component of an ecuadorian side bidding to reach next year 's finals in brazil .
his 24 international goals make him the third highest scorer overall for ecuador 's national team .
jose chamorro , the player 's agent , told an ecuadorian television station that benitez had suffered a heart attack and died in hospital , where he had been taken after complaining of abdominal pains .
" this pain ( is ) very strong my brother but we love you , " the winger wrote on twitter , where he also posted several pictures of the diminutive forward .
despite being a footballer who failed to hit the heights in europe , news of benitez 's death trended on twitter .
ecuador 's interior minister jose serrano was among those who took to the micro-blogging site to comment , writing : " dear chucho , thank you for your goals and your happiness . "
sunderland 's craig gardner , who played with benitez at birmingham city between 2009 and 2010 , was also moved to comment .
" ca n't believe christian benitez has died , " gardner wrote .
" i had the pleasure to play with him .
he was a top bloke .
my thoughts go out to his family . "
pottsville , pennsylvania ( cnn ) -- a fomer pennsylvania high school football player was acquitted of murder friday in the beating death of a mexican immigrant last summer .
luis ramirez died of blunt force injuries after a confrontation with a group of pennsylania teens .
however , a schuylkill county jury found brandon piekarsky and derrick donchak guilty of simple assault stemming from the death of luis ramirez , who died of blunt force injuries to the head after a fight with the defendants and their friends .
donchak , 19 , was also found guilty of providing alcohol to the group of teens that encountered ramirez the night of july 12 on a residential street in the rural mining town of shenandoah .
both teens were acquitted of ethnic intimidation charges .
prosecutors alleged the teens baited the undocumented mexican immigrant into a fight with racial epithets , provoking an exchange of punches and kicks that ended with ramirez convulsing in the street , foaming from the mouth .
he died two days later in a hospital in danville .
piekarsky , 17 , had faced a charge of third-degree murder for allegedly delivering a fatal kick to ramirez 's head after he was knocked to the ground .
he also was found not guilty of ethnic intimidation , aggravated assault and attempting to solicit a cover-up .
an all-white jury of six men and six women heard from several prosecution witnesses , including a juvenile co-defendant and another teen who pleaded guilty in federal court for his role in the fight .
while the jury heard conflicting accounts about who initiated the encounter or delivered the final kick to ramirez 's head , defense lawyers attempted to place the blame on another co-defendant , who is facing charges in juvenile court , and colin walsh , who has pleaded guilty to violating ramirez 's civil rights .
he celebrated his first goal from the penalty spot with a military salute in a mocking response to blatter 's description of him as a " commander " last week .
the absorbing victory also allowed real to put saturday 's defeat by barcelona behind them , not just because of the three points but also because bale , the most expensive footballer in history , began to repay some of his fee .
making his first start as a home player at the legendary bernabeu , the welshman scored twice , made another two and also managed to complete his first 90 minutes in his seventh appearance for madrid .
despite bale 's largely anonymous display at camp nou , which was blamed on a lack of match practice , real coach carlo ancelotti was wholly vindicated by his decision to keep faith in the 24-year-old , who curled home a fine opener before a free-kick was deflected in as he handed real a 2-0 lead .
on a satisfying night for the hosts , for whom substitute xabi alonso made his first appearance of the season after injury , karim benzema also grabbed a brace as real moved up to third in the table , six points behind barca .
ziyad abu ein died after clashes with israeli soldiers midday wednesday in the palestinian village of turmusaya , which is northeast of the west bank city of ramallah , longtime chief palestinian negotiator saeb erakat said in a statement .
there were varying reports of exactly how abu ein died , including what role -- if any -- israeli authorities played in it .
pictures from various news agencies depict an israeli soldier with his hands to abu ein 's neck , followed by another showing him on the ground .
the official palestinian news agency wafa , meanwhile , reported that the palestinian official lost consciousness after he inhaled tear gas and an israeli soldier hit him in the chest .
" the israeli soldiers called abu ein by name and seemed to be focused on him , " witness kamal abu safaka told cnn .
" there was a lot of pushing , kicking and punching by the soldiers .
... when abu ein tried to intercede , they hit him on the chest with a rifle butt and grabbed him by the throat and pushed him back and then threw a large amount of tear gas and stun grenades . "
( cnn ) it was in a new york cab .
that 's when grammy award-winning signer angelique kidjo realized the extent that " fear-bola " had spread .
" the driver just asked , ' where are you from ? '
of course i have an accent , and i 'm not going to hide the fact that i 'm from west africa .
later , when announcing her recently wrapped up carnegie hall tribute to south african singer miriam makeba , aka , mama africa , the trolls came out again .
" it should be mama ebola , " one wrote , and " i wonder if she is bringing any ebloa ( sic ) with her ? "
" until that point , i felt the hysteria of it , but i kept saying to myself , ' it 's just the media . '
then it comes to you direct . "
overall , she 's not been impressed with how the western media has covered the epidemic .
in her opinion , the current coverage represents a tragically lost opportunity .
" i thought ebola would bring greater journalism , that they 'd write about the need for great nurses and great doctors , or how every human being on this planet has the right to a good healthcare system , " she confesses .
clearly , she 's been disappointed .
but it 's much more dramatic and more entertaining to show us dying . "
in typical kidjo fashion , she channeled her outrage into advocacy , and penned a new york times op-ed .
that is how the benin-born singer-songwriter operates .
( cnn ) -- he was the soccer referee known as " golden whistle " who officiated in high-profile events such as the world cup and the olympics .
china 's state news agency xinhua reported on thursday that lu has been sentenced to five and a half years in prison by a court in liaoning province after accepting $ 128,000 to fix seven matches in china 's national league .
three other officials -- huang junjie , wan daxue and zhou weixin -- were also jailed for seven , six , and three and a half years respectively .
prior to that he had taken charge of matches at the 2000 sydney olympics and was twice voted referee of the year by the asian football confederation .
but the court in the city of dandong , near the border with north korea , found that lu had altered the outcome of seven games that involved four clubs including shanghai shenhua , who have just signed former france striker nicolas anelka from english club chelsea .
( cnn ) -- three people have been charged in last year 's theft of the famous " arbeit macht frei " sign at the auschwitz concentration camp in poland , a prosecutor said friday .
prosecutors say hoegstroem incited two poles to steal the sign , which sat atop the entrance to the camp , pap reported .
he pleaded not guilty , and would face a sentence of 10 years in prison if convicted , the news agency reported .
hoegstroem was arrested in february in stockholm , sweden , and the swedish court allowed him to be transferred to poland in april , pap said .
the sign reading " arbeit macht frei " -- german for " work sets you free " -- was emblematic of the nazi camps of world war ii .
it was stolen in december of last year , prompting outrage around the world .
the sign was found 70 hours later in a village near torun , roughly 210 miles ( 340 kilometers ) to the north , and had been chopped into three parts , pap reported .
the men managed to remove the heavy iron sign by unscrewing it from one side and pulling off on the other , police spokeswoman agnieszka szczygiel said at the time .
( cnn ) -- newcastle 's 16-year stay in the english premier league has come to an end as a damien duff own goal saw them lose 1-0 at aston villa .
newcastle players react after damien duff 's own goal sees them relegated from the premier league .
the result meant magpies legend alan shearer failed to work the miracle he was brought in to try and achieve with eight games remaining .
newcastle will be joined in the championship by middlesbrough , who were beaten 2-1 at west ham and west bromwich albion , whose relegation was already confirmed prior to sunday 's final matches .
hull were beaten 1-0 at home by a second-string manchester united side , while sunderland lost 3-2 at home to chelsea in guus hiddink 's final game in charge of the london side .
despite escaping relegation , sunderland manager ricky sbragia -- who had only been in charge for five months after roy keane 's relegation -- announced his decision to resign at the end of their match .
meanwhile , newcastle have paid the price for a season of instability ever since kevin keegan decided to quit as manager in early september and owner mike ashley decided to put the club up for sale .
( cnn ) -- the family of deceased libyan strongman moammar gadhafi will file a war crimes complaint against nato with the international criminal court , a lawyer representing the family said thursday .
members of the family believe nato 's actions led to gadhafi 's death last week , said marcel ceccaldi .
" all of the events that have taken place since february 2011 and the murder of gadhafi , all of this means we are totally in our right to call upon the international criminal court , " ceccaldi , a french attorney , said .
nato responded that it " conducts its operation in strict conformity with the relevant u.n. security council resolutions . "
in a statement thursday , a nato official said , " at no time during operation unified protector has nato targeted specific individuals . "
the icc still has warrants for the arrest of gadhafi 's son , saif al-islam gadhafi , and his brother-in-law abdullah al-sanussi .
questions surround the death of moammar gadhafi , who eluded forces loyal to the national transitional council for months .
video shows gadhafi was alive when captured by the opposition .
the united states said it supports an independent investigation , as called for by the united nations and by libya 's new leadership .
ceccaldi said the gadhafi family 's complaint will be filed in the coming days .
" now we will wait and see if the icc is a judicial system which is independent and impartial , " he added .
( cnn ) -- saudi arabia 's quest for a fourth asian cup title , and first since 1996 , is over after they slumped to a 1-0 defeat at the hands of jordan in doha on thursday .
a mistake from goalkeeper waleed abdullah sealed saudi arabia 's fate , as the kingdom slumped to their second successive defeat following their surprise 2-1 loss to syria on sunday .
there looked no danger when baha abdelrahman floated in a cross from the right hand side , but abdullah completely misjudged the flight of the ball and could only watch on in horror as it looped into the net .
despite the shock nature of their exit , al johar was philosophical about the defeat .
" we played very well and we created opportunities to score , especially in the second half , " he told reporters .
" but we were not lucky and this is football .
maybe we 'll do better in the future , " he added .
the result means saudi arabia become the first team to bow out of the competition and puts jordan level on points with japan at the top of the group .
meanwhile , group b favorites japan claimed a hard fought 2-1 win over syria in the day 's other match to move onto four points after their two matches .
atlanta , georgia ( cnn ) -- tyler perry has , for the first time , revealed graphic details about the sexual , physical and emotional abuse he says he suffered as a child .
" i 'm tired of holding this in , " tyler perry wrote on his web site , " ... so i 've decided to give some away . "
perry recounts in a message posted on his web site and in an e-mail to fans that a prescreening of the film " precious , " due out later this year , dislodged " some raw emotions and brought me to some things and places in my life that i needed to deal with but had long forgotten .
perry is an executive producer of the movie , which tells the tale of claireece " precious " jones , an illiterate , obese 16-year-old girl from harlem who is emotionally and physically abused .
the random , violent beatings were commonplace until perry was 19 , he said .
" i heard this every day of my childhood , " says perry .
attempts to reach emmitt perry sr. for comment were unsuccessful .
tyler perry was born emmitt perry jr. but changed his name to distance himself from his father .
miami ( cnn ) -- two southern florida imams accused of supporting the pakistani taliban appeared briefly in a miami federal court monday , before a judge pushed back the legal proceedings into next week so the suspects could sort out their legal representation .
the two men -- hafiz khan and his son izhar khan -- were arrested saturday in south florida , the justice department said .
another of hafiz khan 's sons , irfan khan , was arrested that same day in el segundo , california .
later monday , he likewise remained in federal custody after putting off entering a plea during his own initial court appearance at the roybal federal building in los angeles .
three others in pakistan also have been indicted : khan 's daughter amina khan , khan 's grandson alam zeb and ali rehman .
about a dozen representatives of the two imams ' florida mosques -- flagler mosque in miami for hafiz khan , and jamaat al-mu ' mineen mosque in margate for his son izhar -- attended monday 's court session to support the men and hear the accusations against them .
" he was their spiritual leader , so it is a shock , everyone is in shock , " said nezar hamze , executive director of the south florida chapter of the council on american-islamic relations , of hafiz khan from the miami court .
but at the defendants ' request , magistrate judge barry garber said that would instead happen on may 23 .
( cnn ) -- hilary duff says her new album is " very positive " but admits that it started out " a lot heavier and a lot darker " because of the separation from her husband , mike comrie .
" i 'm separated from my husband right now , which has been a very difficult thing to go through , " she told billboard 's " pop shop " podcast .
" in the beginning , the album was a lot heavier and a lot darker , because i had to get that out .
duff married comrie , a former pro hockey player , in 2010 after dating for three years .
their son , luca , was born in 2012 .
duff and comrie announced their separation in january .
duff , 26 , admits that she 's " nervous " after being away from music for seven years .
her just-released single , " chasing the sun , " is from her still-untitled album , which will be her first studio release since 2007 's " dignity . "
she says she first started thinking of new material when she was pregnant with her son .
after having the child and taking another year , she was even more anxious .
" i felt like i was missing a big part of myself , " she said .
duff established a successful singing career on the heels of her popular disney show , " lizzie mcguire , " which aired from 2001 to 2004 .
she spent most of her teenage years touring and says that turning 20 was a big factor in leaving the road .
" it was time for me to be a person , and the break just ended up being a long time , " she said .
( cnn ) -- he is a superstar in arab cinema and has acted alongside hollywood names such as sean penn , naomi watts and orlando bloom in worldwide blockbusters .
the movie , released last year , has a story line based on the september 11 attacks in the united states .
el nabawy 's character , ibrahim jarrah , is a newly arrived immigrant from lebanon , who finds himself wrongly accused of being involved in the terrorist attacks .
" the guy did n't do anything except he was infatuated by the american dream , " says el nabawy of his character in " the citizen . "
" this is why he won the green card lottery but [ it is ] his bad luck that he arrived one day before 9/11 to new york .
he loves america and he 's educated , he is cultured , he is helpful and it 's a great message through ' the citizen ' that gives hope .
it talks about the cooperation that can happen instead of creating revenge between each other . "
see also : ' egypt 's brad pitt ' calls for people power in africa this is the third time in the egyptian actor 's career that he has landed a role in a major hollywood production .
the foursome of chirpy college students warmed up in the river ridge course tee box , focusing on loosening their legs before taking their first shot on a par-four hole .
cody seybold ran toward his ball , almost " happy gilmore " style .
then there was that unmistakable " thump " and a well-struck soccer ball arced toward the first green and its 21-inch diameter hole .
welcome to the wonderful world of footgolf , a soccer-golf hybrid played on more than 257 courses in the united states , according to the footgolf league .
how footgolf got started " it 's the same structure as golf , except you are playing with your feet , " said player connor bush , wearing soccer cleats and baggy shorts .
" you still have to include strategy .
what kind of green are you playing on ?
are you going to drive ?
he said .
because soccer balls do n't travel as far as golf balls , the footgolf holes are shorter , averaging 157 yards on the oxnard , california , course .
while the weekday , 18-hole green fee for traditional golf at river ridge is $ 38 , the fee for its ball-booting cousin is much less .
a soccer ball runs between $ 15 and $ 30 , and no tees or gloves are needed .
" it 's really not expensive -- great when you are on the college budget , " footgolfer lloyd mueller said while juggling his soccer ball between shots .
" it 's a great way to spend 2 ½ hours with your friends . "
at river ridge , the footgolf holes run perpendicular to and weave between regular golf holes , so both traditional and footgolfers play at the same time .
( cnn ) -- four days after suffering a humbling defeat to simona halep , serena williams turned the tables on the romanian to win a fifth wta finals title with a crushing straight sets 6-3 6-0 victory in singapore sunday .
williams had called her 6-2 6-0 reverse in round-robin group play wednesday " embarrassing " and she set about putting the record straight in the title match .
fourth-ranked halep began where she left off to take an early 2-1 lead with a break of service , but this was a very different williams on the other side of the net .
the world number one immediately broke back and a further break to lead 5-3 was the start of eight games in a row without reply .
a total of 26 winners flowed from the racket of the 33-year-old american veteran -- who was winning the end of season crown for the third straight year -- the first player since monica seles in 1992 to achieve the feat .
" she was playing so well at the beginning and i told myself to just relax and once i did that i started playing better and making my shots , " williams told the official wta website .
williams ' participation in the wta finals had been in doubt after she pulled out of a warmup tournament in china with a knee injury .
napolitano is trying determine why the man was still in the country because he had been arrested two previous times for drunken driving offenses .
the suspect , carlos montano , driving sunday morning under the influence of alcohol , slammed head-on into three nuns in a toyota sedan , police said .
the three were just a few miles from a monastery in bristow , virginia , heading for their annual retreat .
sister denise mosier was killed instantly , and the other two remained hospitalized tuesday .
the suspect has twice been in custody -- the first time , almost two years ago in october 2008 -- immigration and customs enforcement officials said .
but both times , montano was released on his own recognizance pending deportation proceedings , because he was not convicted of a violent felony such as murder , rape , or robbery .
" he was in removal proceedings , " napolitano told cnn on tuesday .
" why were the removal proceedings taking so long ?
i do not obviously as of today have the results of that , but i will get them . "
corey stewart , chairman of the prince william county board of supervisors , said he was furious with how immigration officials have handled the case .
" we identified him as an illegal alien , we told ice that he had twice been convicted now of dui 's , that he posed a threat to the community , " said stewart .
( cnn ) -- defending champions rafael nadal and maria sharapova moved into quarterfinals of their respective tournaments in barcelona and stuttgart thursday as the build-up to next month 's french open gathers pace .
nadal is coming off a shock loss at the monte carlo masters -- losing there for only the third time in 11 years -- but has showed little sign of an adverse reaction in his two matches to date on home clay .
the world number one duly beat ivan dodig of croatia 6-3 6-3 to earn a last eight clash against fellow nicolas almagro .
fellow spaniard almagro lost to nadal in last year 's final but earned his passage with a 6-3 6-3 success over fernando verdasco in another domestic clash .
nadal has won the title eight years out of nine in barcelona and his passage to a ninth title has been eased by the shock exit of david ferrer wednesday to teymeraz gabashvili .
it was second seed ferrer who scored a rare win over his compatriot in monte carlo but he was unable to repeat this form against gabashvili , who then secured his place in the last eight with a straight sets win over inigo cervantes .
in other third round matches , 12th seed marin cilic of croatia beat spanish fifth seed tommy robredo 7-5 6-7 7-6 , while colombia 's santiago giraldo saw off dominic thiem of austria in another three-setter .
( cnn ) -- the last of 11 people facing felony hazing charges tied to a florida a&m university band member 's death turned herself in on sunday , four days after prosecutors announced the charges , the state said .
lasherry codner , 20 , was released on a $ 15,000 bail shortly after she was booked into orange county jail sunday .
the florida department of law enforcement had said friday that it had been in contact with her family in georgia .
she joins 10 others who have reported to jails throughout florida after being charged with felony hazing in the death of 26-year-old robert champion .
state law provides a prison term of up to six years for a conviction on this charge , ninth judicial circuit state attorney lawson lamar said last week .
the famu marching 100 drum major died after collapsing on a band bus after a november 2011 football game in orlando , florida .
he died within an hour after being badly beaten , medical examiners reported .
two others are charged with misdemeanor hazing , which typically carries at most a year-long prison sentence .
among those facing felony hazing charges is aaron golson , who was also charged in december with hazing and felony battery , after another famu band member , bria hunter , said she had suffered a cracked femur , deep bone bruise and blood clots after being beaten repeatedly on the thighs .
she also accuses authorities of botching the investigation , saying they did n't properly process the bus for evidence and failed to immediately question students who were on board .
washington ( cnn ) hillary clinton 's most vocal critics have long tried to tie the former secretary of state to president barack obama , hoping that her 2016 run would be dragged down by the somewhat unpopular president .
tim miller , the executive director of america rising , an anti-clinton communications and research super pac , argues in talking points to other republicans that clinton is tying herself to obama by working with and hiring many of his staffers ahead of her all-but-certain 2016 run .
" by hiring his key political and policy staff and making no public moves to place clear distance between herself and the president on issues likely to be front and center in the coming congress , clinton is signaling that she 's not just from the same party as the president , but that she 's an obama democrat , who will back his policies , pursue his agenda , and represent a third term of the obama administration , " miller argues in a memo to the group 's supporters .
john podesta , a top aide on the obama white house , has said a number of times that he plans to leave the white house in early february and would happily work for clinton is she runs .
( cnn ) -- does money make you happy ?
does being rich contribute to your spiritual life and its possibilities ?
is the gap between the rich and poor a religious problem as well as a social problem in desperate need of solutions ?
jesus , pope francis , and brain scientists have asked these questions , and the answers are clear if unnerving .
wealth and power are dangerous for your mental health , your spiritual condition , and for society in general -- especially when they contribute to the neglect of the poor .
new research explains how this works ( more on this in a minute ) .
jesus knew this : " you will always have the poor among you , " he said ( matthew 26:11 ) .
he also said , " god blesses you who are poor , for the kingdom of god is yours . "
only a few verses before this moment in luke , he cries ( echoing the old testament ) : " the spirit of the lord is upon me , for he has anointed me to bring the good news to the poor . "
jesus also noted , famously and controversially , that it is easier " for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of heaven . "
jesus discouraged the accumulation of wealth , worried about its effects on those who had it , and took special pleasure in helping the poor , dedicating his efforts to them .
in the case of john crawford iii , there is video evidence -- and walmart needs to release the tape to the public immediately .
crawford was 22 years old when he and his girlfriend went to the walmart last month in beavercreek , a suburb of dayton , ohio .
they planned to pick up the ingredients for s'mores for a family cookout .
crawford had two young children .
while browsing , he picked up an unpackaged bb gun from one of the store shelves , and continued shopping .
a man named ronald ritchie saw him and called 911 .
a black man was " walking around with a gun in the store , " and " pointing it at people , " ritchie told them .
a few minutes later , crawford was dead -- shot on sight by police .
his last words ?
" it 's not real . "
this is exactly why gun safety advocates like myself have so long criticized these laws for creating a culture of fear . )
was ritchie more likely to see phantom danger and call the cops because crawford was a black man ?
were those cops more likely to pull the trigger -- by all accounts , without warning crawford -- because crawford was black ?
( cnn ) -- a michigan man and woman convicted of trying to extort $ 680,000 from " glee " actor john stamos by threatening to sell compromising photos were each sentenced to four years in prison friday .
u.s. district judge r. allan edgar in marquette said the photos never existed , according to a federal prosecutor .
scott edward sippola , 31 , and allison lenore coss , 24 , could have faced up to nine years in prison for convictions of conspiracy and interstate communications to extort money .
assistant u.s. attorney paul lochner said a statement from stamos was read in court .
in it , stamos said he had been slandered and his reputation impugned .
lochner said the judge ascertained that the conspiracy was n't just a " foolish lark . "
in a presentence filing , sippola admitted his conduct " was awful . "
" the case was made by the fact that these defendants made threats to damage his [ stamos ' ] reputation in order to have him pay them , " assistant u.s. attorney maarten vermaat said after the july verdict in marquette , michigan .
according to cnn affiliate wluc , prosecutors said that coss and sippola told stamos that if he did n't give them the money , they would sell embarrassing pictures of him allegedly using drugs to tabloid publications .
vermaat said the defendants sent about 40 e-mails to stamos threatening to sell the photos .
sippola and coss were arrested in december 2009 at an airport , a pre-arranged dropoff spot for the money .
once one of the 250 million chinese farmers that left behind their families to forge a living in the coastal factory towns , the 37 year old lives back in his ancestral village of kongbai , a jumble of 200 timber houses that cling to the side of a valley in southeast guizhou , one of china 's poorest province .
" i do n't want to leave anymore , " he says , tired of factory work and living in a cramped dormitory after four years spent making leather shoes in wenzhou in eastern china .
long is not alone in abandoning what has been described as the one of the greatest human migrations of all time .
while the overall number of migrant workers is still on the rise in china , those seeking work in their home provinces increased at a quicker pace that the number of long-distance workers , according to analysis by the china labor bulletin .
investment in china 's inland provinces has meant that many migrant workers can now find decent paying jobs closer to home and many , like long , have concluded that separation from their families and communities is too great a price to pay .
grand plans not just home to sample his wife 's cooking , long has a plan to give himself and his village a better future .
he hopes to revive the traditional trade of silver and metal working that has all but died out as people left in search of better opportunities .
london , england ( cnn ) -- it was anabella de león 's frail 86-year-old mother who answered the door when the men came knocking .
" they told her , ' say to anabella that we are going to kill her very soon , ' " de león told cnn .
the visit left her mother crying , anxious and shocked .
congresswoman anabella de leon with her husband in london for a performance of " seven " by vital voices .
no attempt on her life has been made , de león said , but she still looks over her shoulder , takes alternative routes in her car , constantly checking that she 's not being followed .
anabella de león is not well known outside guatemala .
she 's serving her fourth term in congress as a member of the patriotic party , which last weekend elected her to one of its top posts of third national secretary .
the death threats are not new .
since 2002 , she 's been protected by at least one security guard on request from the inter-american commission on human rights .
her 26-year-old son is also shadowed by a security guard ; a precautionary move in response to earlier threats connected to de león 's anti-corruption efforts .
[ it ] gives you enemies , important and dangerous enemies , " she told cnn during a recent trip to london for a performance of the play " seven , " which profiles de león and six other international female leaders .
read more about " seven . "
( cnn ) -- the roommate of the rutgers university freshman who killed himself after his sexual encounter with another man was broadcast online was indicted wednesday on privacy and bias charges , the prosecutor of middlesex county in new jersey announced .
ravi 's attorney could not be immediately reached for comment .
authorities said ravi allegedly secretly placed a camera in the room and accessed it remotely .
ravi " then provided others an opportunity to view the encounter , " middlesex county prosecutor bruce j. kaplan said in a statement .
two days later , ravi attempted to view a second encounter between clementi and the same male , alerting others on twitter of the planned meeting , the statement said .
clementi 's body was recovered from the hudson river on september 30 , more than a week after he jumped from the george washington bridge , which spans the hudson river separating new york from new jersey .
he was 18 .
molly wei , 19 , was also charged with two counts of invasion of privacy in relation to the case , prosecutors said .
" we are eager to have the process move forward for justice in this case and to reinforce the standards of acceptable conduct in our society . "
( ew.com ) -- when " fast and furious 7 " opens in theaters in 2015 , audiences can expect to see paul walker .
the tragedy not only was a devastating shock to the production , a creative team that prides itself on its sense of family , but it put in doubt whether the new film could be completed at all .
could his scenes be saved by filming additional footage with a double or cg effects ?
universal followed with an official statement that confirmed that walker still would be part of the picture .
paul walker death shatters ' fast and furious ' car fantasy " continuing the global exploits in the franchise built on speed , vin diesel and paul walker lead the returning cast of fast and furious 7 , which will be released by universal pictures on april 10 , 2015 .
james wan directs this chapter of the hugely successful series , and neal h. moritz and vin diesel return as producers . "
click here to try 2 risk free issues of entertainment weekly
( cnn ) -- newman , jerry seinfeld 's diabolical nemesis and united states postal worker , was denied his dream transfer to hawaii when the post office discovered he had n't been delivering a lot of the mail he was supposed to be .
unfortunately for brent morse , life is n't a hollywood sitcom .
morse , a mail carrier for five years , stored the nearly 45,000 pieces of undelivered mail at his deceased mother 's home and , just like newman , at rented storage facilities near his home and mail route in western kentucky .
the majority of the mail was meant for around 250 homes in the community of dawson springs , and it was meant to be delivered between march 2011 and march 2013 , hale said .
adel valdes , a u.s. postal inspector in louisville , said morse 's motive was : " he wanted to pick up his kids from school every day at a certain time . "
valdes said the owner of one of the storage centers noticed a large amount of mail and usps equipment when morse failed to properly shut his unit 's door , so he called authorities .
( cnn ) -- to start with , cordell jude was hungry .
he was 22 , the spring days were growing longer and the temperature in phoenix had climbed to 80 degrees that tuesday in april 2012 .
it was not much cooler as the sun slipped behind the sierra estrella mountains , so shortly before 8 pm , jude drove with his pregnant fianceã © toward a suburban intersection crowded with fast-food restaurants , a home depot , a starbucks , drug stores and gas stations .
not far off , another man was headed the same way .
daniel adkins was 29 , older than jude , but mentally disabled .
his family described him as more like a 12 - or 13-year-old .
adkins was walking his yellow labrador retriever named lady past a taco bell in the gathering evening , when he stepped around a blind corner and was nearly hit by jude 's vehicle .
but investigators found no such weapon , and even if they had county attorney bill montgomery says , " the threshold that people believe needs to be crossed when they brandish a weapon , never mind actually use it ... is a lot higher than what it actually is . "
jude is now charged with murder in that killing last year , and because he is black and adkins was not , the case is drawing comparisons to the killing of trayvon martin by george zimmerman .
( cnn ) the suspect behind the knife attack on the american ambassador to south korea had a long , troubled history and often blamed the u.s. for tensions in the korean peninsula .
kim ki-jong , 55 , was quickly overpowered and taken into custody after he attacked u.s. ambassador mark lippert with a fruit knife thursday morning .
police say kim 's motive for the attack was to improve north-south korean relations and to stop the annual military exercises held jointly by the u.s. and south korea .
it was n't the first time kim has taken drastic steps to make his point .
-- in 2010 , kim was given a suspended jail sentence for hurling a concrete block at a japanese envoy to south korea , according to the yonhap news agency .
that incident is believed to be the first attack on a foreign ambassador in south korea .
-- kim allegedly harbored sympathies for north korea , according to korean media reports .
kim was a member of the korea council for reconciliation and cooperation , which hosted lippert at the thursday event where the attack occurred .
but he was allowed in because an event staff recognized him from the organization .
beijing ( cnn ) -- it 's the chinese crime story of the century and a major embarrassment for the country 's all-powerful communist party .
in late july , bo xilai , a former darling of the party , was finally indicted on corruption charges .
his trial is expected to begin on thursday , august 22 , the latest chapter in a gripping tale of murder , betrayal and political factionalism .
" the charges go way back when bo was in dalian .
that 's more than 20 years ago .
so they can not find anything more recent ? "
read more : bo xilai indicted for corruption until march 2012 , the charismatic , populist leader was a member of the policy-making politburo of the communist party and party chief of chongqing , a megacity in southwestern china .
bo , 64 , is currently in detention , awaiting a trial that could cap the biggest political scandal to hit china in decades .
he has not been seen in public since news of the scandal emerged , and he was stripped of his role as chongqing party chief and later his prestigious politburo post .
timeline : bo 's fall from grace bo stands accused of bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power .
according to the indictment documents , as a civil servant he took advantage of his position to seek profit from others and accepted an extremely large amount of money and properties , xinhua reported .
the documents do n't quantify the amount of bribes allegedly accepted , but published reports say it could be as much as 20 million yuan ( $ 3.3 million ) .
cnn -- sebastian junger found him crouched on a battlefield in afghanistan , fighting to stay alive .
ahmad shah massoud , center in white shirt , leads his men in his beloved afghan mountains .
the taliban had the man cornered and outnumbered .
a sniper 's bullet came so close to the man that it plucked dirt between his feet .
but junger watched him coolly orchestrate a cunning counterattack by his soldiers -- all while discussing his favorite poetry and international news .
" he had tremendous magnetism , " says junger , a noted journalist and author who has written bestsellers like " the perfect storm , " and " a death in belmont . "
" you did n't even need to speak his language to fall under his sway .
that 's the only time i 've ever really felt that from another person . "
the man junger met was ahmad shah massoud , the " lion of panjshir . "
watch how images of massoud are everywhere in afghanistan » massoud was assassinated two days before the september 11 terrorist attacks by agents linked to al qaeda .
though he died eight years ago , his legacy looms over any would-be leader in afghanistan , afghans and scholars say .
see current key players in afghanistan » ' he would have found bin laden ' afghanistan 's government has been accused of being corrupt and weak .
massoud had a reputation for integrity and strength , says junger , who traveled to afghanistan in 2000 to profile massoud for his book , " fire . "
( cnn ) -- they were sons and daughters , with their whole lives ahead of them .
but in his short time here , school superintendent donald andrews told cnn , " they had endeared themselves to the community . "
a sophomore at cumberland county high school , where he was well-liked and respected , davis loved art , music and sports , especially basketball .
academically , his goal was modest -- to pass all his classes with at least a c.
but in life , as he wrote in a class assignment , it was deeper and loftier : " i want to be remembered not as the best man alive , but the most respected . "
suspect detained in tennessee steven presley , 17 presley used to miss class often .
but his attendance was perfect after transferring to the phoenix school , where he stood out -- and was singled out -- as an example that students could change and improve their lives .
the school district described him as " always happy , smiling , funny , kindhearted , sweet and polite , " the type pf person " who would do anything for anyone ( and ) was loved by all who knew him . "
he graduated from the phoenix school in may .
by then , presley had already made a big impression with people from all walks of life who were lucky enough to cross his path .
( ew.com ) -- back in 1977 , ron howard made his directorial debut with a low-budget , high-octane car-crash comedy called " grand theft auto . "
as first impressions go , it did not signal the second coming of orson welles .
but the freckle-faced former " happy days " star radiated an infectious delight in smashing as many roaring muscle cars as he could get away with .
since then , of course , howard has become one of hollywood 's most consistent and respected filmmakers , crafting well-made crowd-pleasers that tackle more highbrow subjects .
but judging from his white-knuckle new film , " rush , " he has n't outgrown his youthful sweet tooth for four-wheeled mayhem .
chris hemsworth draws the flashier role in hunt , a fast-burning british bad boy with flowing blond locks , silk shirts unbuttoned to his navel , and a rakish playboy swagger .
'' the closer you are to death , the more alive you feel , '' hemsworth 's hunt says .
and it 's thanks to the " thor " star 's champagne-spraying charisma that he makes risking your neck look like the coolest job on the planet .
with his clipped austrian accent , everything that comes out of his mouth sounds like a brusque insult .
and it usually is .
he may not be a particularly likable fellow , but he 's a methodical grinder with the unshakable conviction of someone who 's calculated the odds on what it takes to win .
pitted against each other , they 're like wile e. coyote and the road runner .
it 's not just about beating the other guy , it 's about humiliating him in the process .
( cnn ) -- the bitter family dispute over the care of renowned radio announcer casey kasem got more bizarre sunday .
before paramedics wheeled kasem to an ambulance , his wife , jean , threw a hunk of meat at one of his daughters who had come to accompany her father to the hospital , officials said monday .
it is the latest incident in the feud between kerri kasem and jean kasem , who has been married to the former host of " american top 40 " and " casey 's top 40 " since 1980 , over who should decide his medical care .
he is in stable condition at a medical facility in washington , according to a representative for kerri kasem .
she claims her father 's health has worsened since the last time she saw him weeks ago at a nursing home in santa monica , california .
she had won a california court order in may to become the temporary conservator for her ailing father , but he went missing for a few days from a nursing home there before being found in washington state with his wife , kerri 's stepmother .
on friday morning , a kitsap county , washington , judge granted kerri kasem permission to take her father to a doctor .
she stayed on the street while paramedics went to get the 82-year-old icon , deraney said .
as she waited , jean kasem approached and hurled something at kerri kasem while referring to king david of the bible , saying she was throwing the meat at " the dogs . "
with typical humility , he says he just hopes the film inspires young people .
" i hope it 's a positive message for kids who ( are ) trying to accomplish their dreams , " he told espn 's bill williamson .
" i want to show them that there are adversity and obstacles for everyone , but you can make it .
i want kids to get hope from this . "
but tebow genuinely believes that .
and that 's one of the messages of the film , says chase heavener , who directed " tim tebow : everything in between . "
tim tebow is exactly what he appears to be : a hard-working , squeaky-clean , all-american guy .
" it 's really cool to see that it 's true .
heavener is something of an expert on this subject .
he 's not just a filmmaker who followed the man who is now arguably the most famous quarterback in america .
he 's also a friend .
heavener 's dad and tebow 's dad were college roommates and have stayed buddies .
that friendship uniquely positioned the younger heavener to ask the heisman trophy winner and two-time national champion to be filmed constantly through winter 2010 .
heavener and his team at fiction , a video production company , ended up with more than 1,000 hours of film , which were edited to 50 minutes when espn picked up the television rights to the project .
it was shot in the months between tebow 's last collegiate game and the night he was drafted by the broncos .
the song was included in the soundtrack from " the preacher 's wife , " a 1996 film starring houston .
the ceremony also will feature performances by stevie wonder , alicia keys and aretha franklin , who is houston 's godmother .
singer roberta flack will attend , but it was unclear whether she would perform .
houston 's ex-husband , bobby brown , has been officially invited to the funeral , according to houston representative kristen foster .
he will rejoin new edition thursday night for a performance in upper marlboro , maryland , according to a new edition publicist .
brown considers performing as therapy to get him through a difficult time , a source close to brown said .
foster said gospel singer donnie mcclurkin , actor-director tyler perry , producer clive davis , composer and music director rickey minor and houston 's cousin , dionne warwick , are among those on the program for the funeral .
minor , who worked with houston , told cnn that he will be involved with the funeral 's music and that the new jersey mass choir will perform .
the scope and legality of the government 's warrantless electronic surveillance programs was discussed tuesday as a federal appeals court reviewed a lower u.s. court 's injunction that would block collection of data from two plaintiffs who are suing activist larry klayman , an attorney who heads the group " freedom watch , " filed suit last year based on published reports of wrongdoing from whistleblower edward snowden .
the former contractor with the national security agency accused authorities of misusing some of the capabilities he observed , and acting without a judicial or statutory basis .
tuesday he said he has the standing to bring the suit as a customer of verizon , one of the companies known to be cooperating with warrantless surveillance .
the other plaintiff is charles strange , whose son michael was an nsa cryptologist and navy seal in afghanistan in 2011 when he was killed in the downing of his helicopter by insurgents .
the father told reporters he has been the target of secret intelligence gathering because he 's been asking questions about the circumstances surrounding his son 's death .
both men late last year won a preliminary injunction that would have barred the government from collecting data on them , and it ordered authorities to destroy any data already gathered .
( cnn ) -- for their extraordinary efforts to help change the world and better the lives of others , 10 everyday people will receive $ 50,000 and a chance for much more .
this select group -- the top 10 cnn heroes of 2012 -- was revealed thursday .
all the top 10 were nominated by cnn 's global audience and profiled earlier this year on cnn .
they will be honored at " cnn heroes : an all-star tribute , " a globally broadcast event that airs live december 2 at 9 p.m. et/6 p.m. pt .
at the tribute show , hosted by anderson cooper in los angeles , one of the top 10 will be named cnn hero of the year and receive an additional $ 250,000 to continue their work .
the hero of the year is decided by a public vote .
through november 28 , you can vote for your favorite hero at cnnheroes.com or from your mobile device .
in those years , the campaign has profiled more than 180 people on cnn and cnn.com .
here are the top 10 heroes of 2012 , in alphabetical order : pushpa basnet pushpa basnet was shocked to learn that many children in nepal have to live in prisons with their parents .
in 2005 , she started a children 's center that has provided support , such as housing , education and medical care , to more than 140 children of incarcerated parents .
wanda butts wanda butts lost her son in a drowning accident six years ago .
in his memory , she started the josh project , a nonprofit that taught nearly 1,200 children -- most of them minorities -- how to swim .
hong kong ( cnn ) -- an australian teenager reported missing two months ago has been found alive in dense bushland not far from his home , local police say .
matthew allen , 18 , was last seen at his family home near westleigh , a suburb about 30 kilometers ( 20 miles ) away from sydney , on november 27 .
police feared the worst as the teen had not taken his mobile phone with him or accessed his bank accounts .
when rescuers reached allen , he was in a bad way suffering from exhaustion and dehydration .
it was believed he had been in the bush the entire nine weeks he was missing , police said .
more from cnn justice : casey anthony files for bankruptcy '' he was in such a poor state , '' detective acting inspector glyn baker told the sydney morning herald .
'' he was completely exhausted , completely dehydrated , suffered significant weight loss , somewhere up to 50 % .
he was suffering from partial blindness and he had leeches all over him . ''
he was winched out by a rescue helicopter and taken to a nearby hospital , where he was reunited with his family .
allen went missing during a record heatwave when sydney endured temperatures above 45 degrees celsius .
new york ( cnn ) -- an oil painting was returned tuesday to the estate of a jewish art dealer who was forced to consign the painting and other artwork under nazi germany before fleeing the country .
" portrait of a musician playing a bagpipe " was done in 1632 by an unknown artist .
the painting , " portrait of a musician playing a bagpipe , " was done in 1632 by an unknown painter from the northern netherlandish school , according to a statement from the u.s. attorney 's office in southern new york .
stern , who died in 1987 , left no heirs .
the painting was returned tuesday -- holocaust remembrance day -- to clarence epstein of concordia university on behalf of the executors of the estate , said lou martinez of the immigration agency .
it was returned in a ceremony at the museum of jewish heritage in new york , he said .
the painting had been owned by philip mould ltd. , a london , england , gallery , when lawrence steigrad , a new york art dealer , bought it in 2008 , the new york attorney 's office said .
neither had any idea of the painting 's past .
rocky 's been a fictional hero for decades , but in edmonton , alberta , today there 's a hero named rocky who is definitely real -- only he 's 8 years old and has four legs .
this rocky , a labrador retriever-husky mix , is being hailed for pulling a 9-year-old girl from an icy river on easter sunday .
" if that man and dog were n't there -- i just try not to think of it , " miranda wagner , the mother of samara , 9 , and her 10-year-old sister , krymzen , said in an interview with cnn affiliate ctv .
" i just want to give him a big hug and tell him he 's my hero .
if he was n't there i would n't have my girls , " wagner said .
" doctors said two more minutes and samara would have been gone . "
rocky and shaw 's heroics played out on the icy north saskatchewan river in edmonton on sunday afternoon .
the girls were tobogganing in a riverside park when they ended up on ice extending from the riverbank , their father , corey sunshine , told cnn affiliate cbc .
" from what i was told was , one of the toboggans came off the snowbank and onto the ice and they were trying to come back and the ice broke , " he said .
shaw said he was walking on a bridge over the river when he heard screams .
looking down on the river he saw one girl in the icy water and her sister trying to pull her out .
by the time he and rocky sprinted down to the river , both girls were in the water .
the hague , netherlands ( cnn ) -- the international criminal court at the hague issued an arrest warrant wednesday for sudanese president omar hassan al-bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in darfur .
al-bashir waves to supporters in the sudanese capital , khartoum on wednesday .
it is the first arrest warrant ever issued for a sitting head of state by the world 's only permanent war crimes tribunal .
bashir is charged with seven counts of crimes against humanity and war crimes .
the warrant does not mention genocide , but the court may issue an amended warrant to include that charge later , icc spokeswoman laurence blairon said .
but sudan 's minister of information and communications said the country does not plan to cooperate with the " white man 's tribunal . "
kamal obaid said : " sudan perceives those decisions as an insult directed at ( sudan 's ) nationalism and sovereignty ... the government relies on the strong will of the people and on a national consensus not seen before and ( stands ) by decisions taken by its council of ministers and parliament and restates what it always confirmed . "
speaking on sudanese tv , he added : " the security council and international community must bear full responsibility toward any escalation produced by those clumsy decisions . "
watch a pro-bashir rally in sudan » five of the counts against bashir are for crimes against humanity and include murder , extermination , forcible transfer , torture , and rape , blairon said .
the other two are for war crimes , for intentionally directing attacks against civilians and for pillaging .
" bashir 's official capacity as head of state does not exclude criminal responsibility or get him immunity , " blairon said in announcing the warrant .
( cnn ) -- the two young women were as different as could be when they met in a small farming village outside uganda 's capital in 2004 .
orphans perform at the opening ceremony for their new home in mutungo , uganda .
brittany merrill was a 19-year-old southern methodist university broadcast journalism student from an affluent family in suburban atlanta , georgia .
she was teaching literature in uganda for the summer when she decided to visit mutungo , a crowded shantytown of mud huts and wooden shacks , where children in torn clothes ran around in bare feet , and people lingered in the noisy streets to avoid the oppressive heat inside their homes .
at 22 years old , sarah kamara felt god had called on her to take in homeless children begging on mutungo 's streets .
in addition to her own daughter , kamara was caring for 23 children in her one-room home .
some were aids orphans , others had been abandoned by families who had too many children .
but kamara took them in , alienating herself from neighbors , relatives and her husband , who briefly separated from her in protest .
despite kamara 's broken english and merrill 's culture shock , the two found common ground in their compassion for the children , whose zeal for life was unmitigated by the poverty , disease and death that had brought them to kamara 's home .
" they taught me about what is meaningful in this world and gave me purpose , " merrill said of the children .
" their love and faith has challenged my heart .
a sudanese woman has been freed from prison a month after being sentenced to die by hanging for refusing to renounce her christian faith .
" i am a christian , " meriam yehya ibrahim told the judge at her sentencing hearing in may , " and i will remain a christian . "
an appeals court in sudan ruled that a lower court 's judgment against the 27-year-old was faulty , her lawyer , mohaned mustafa el-nour , said monday .
he declined to elaborate .
an international controversy erupted over ibraham 's conviction in may by a sudanese court on charges of apostasy , or the renunciation of faith , and adultery .
ibrahim was eight months pregnant when was sentenced to suffer 100 lashes and then be hanged .
" i 'm so frustrated .
i do n't know what to do , " her husband , daniel wani told cnn in may .
wani , uses a wheelchair and " totally depends on her for all details of his life , " ibrahim 's lawyer said .
ibrahim was reunited with her husband after getting out of custody , her lawyer said monday .
ibrahim gave birth to a girl in a prison last month , two weeks after she was sentenced .
she was in the women 's prison with her 20-month-old son , but sudanese officials said the toddler was free to leave at any time , according to her lawyer .
the criminal complaint filed by a brother , a muslim , said her family was shocked to find out ibrahim had married a christian , u.s. citizen daniel wani , after she was missing for several years , according to her lawyer .
a muslim woman 's marriage to a christian man is not considered legal in sudan , thus the adultery charge .
( cnn ) -- the renault formula one team have agreed to pay damages to their former driver nelson piquet jr. and his ex-world champion father after accusing the pair of lying in the controversial " crashgate " affair .
renault have confirmed on their official website that they were wrong to issue a press release in september 2009 , in which they claimed the piquets had lied by suggesting the team had forced piquet jr. to deliberately crash at the 2008 singapore grand prix .
at the time , piquet jr. stated he was ordered to crash by team bosses in order to help teammate fernando alonso win the race .
admitting they libeled the duo , a renault statement read : " the team accepts -- as it did before the world motor sport council -- that the allegations made by nelson piquet junior were not false .
" it also accepts that mr piquet junior and his father did not invent these allegations in order to blackmail the team into allowing him to drive for them for the remainder of the 2009 season .
" as a mark of the sincerity of our apology and regret , we have agreed to pay them a substantial amount of damages for libel as well as their costs , and have undertaken not to repeat these allegations at any time in the future .
( cnn ) -- donald sterling has agreed to the sale of the los angeles clippers to former microsoft ceo steve ballmer , sterling 's attorneys told cnn on wednesday .
last week , sterling 's estranged wife , shelly , agreed to sell the franchise to ballmer for an nba record $ 2 billion .
the sterlings are co-owners of the team through a family trust .
donald sterling initially indicated he would fight the sale and filed a lawsuit against the national basketball association .
the suit has yet to be withdrawn , attorneys bobby samini and maxwell blecher , said , but that likely will happen this week .
all disputes and outstanding issues have been resolved , " samini said in a written statement .
blecher said he thought that sterling worked out a resolution with the league or with shelly sterling .
the nba was expected to issue a news release commenting on wednesday 's developments .
as of 8 p.m. et , the nba had not received a sale agreement with donald sterling 's signature , a source with detailed knowledge of the negotiations said .
the source said sterling was in a room with his two attorneys , going through the deal .
nba owners still have to approve the sale to ballmer , who has indicated he would keep the team in los angeles .
ballmer , according to forbes magazine , is worth $ 20.3 billion .
ballmer has tried to buy a nba team before .
last year , he and investor chris hansen were set to purchase the sacramento kings , but the nba nixed the deal because the duo would have moved the franchise to seattle .
( cnn ) -- oscar pistorius faced another day of relentless cross-examination friday as the prosecution challenged his account of the killing of his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .
prosecutor gerrie nel has accused the athlete of hiding the truth about the death of steenkamp , whom he shot last year through a closed toilet door in his home in pretoria , south africa .
the prosecution 's argument is that pistorius shot steenkamp intentionally after a heated argument .
pistorius does not deny shooting her but insists that he mistook her for an intruder .
pistorius said he thought he heard the toilet door opening before he fired .
" i did n't intend to shoot .
my firearm was pointed at the door because that 's where i believed that somebody was , " he said .
" when i heard a noise , i did n't have to think , and i fired -- i fired my weapon .
it was an accident . "
nel , known in south african legal circles for his bulldog-like approach to cross-examination , responded to pistorius ' testimony almost with scorn .
" your version is so improbable that nobody would ever think that it was reasonably , possibly true , " he said .
nel then hammered pistorius on whether he had known steenkamp was in the toilet when he fired .
( time.com ) -- two of emily cunningham 's three children have food allergies .
and protecting her kids is taking toll on the family budget .
when she was nine months old , cunningham 's four-year-old daughter elena ate a spoonful of yogurt and broke out in hives .
elena is allergic to eggs , tree nuts , dairy and peanuts , and even brief contact with one of the these hard-to-avoid items is all it takes to set off a potentially life-threatening immune reaction .
cunningham 's eight-month-old son wyatt has a bad dairy allergy too .
in order to keep their kids safe and healthy , emily cunningham , a stay-at-home mother from charlotte , north carolina who writes the allergenmenumom blog , and her husband keep a completely allergy-free home , buying only food products that are free of any trace of their children 's triggers .
but that protection comes at a high price .
between breathing medications and epipens of epinephrine , a drug used to treat anaphylactic shock , the cunninghams spend about $ 1,000 a month to safeguard their children from their allergies , and that 's before the grocery bill .
emily estimates her family spends $ 80 a month just on rice milk .
abidjan , ivory coast ( cnn ) -- the european union announced a recovery package of 180 million euros for the ivory coast on tuesday as residents of the african nation attempted to adjust to life with a clear leader and relative stability after months of bloodshed .
forces arrested former president laurent gbagbo after storming his residence on monday .
gbagbo defied calls to step down after an electoral commission declared he lost a presidential election in november to alassane ouattara .
ouattara has been recognized internationally as the legitimate winner .
andris piebalgs , eu commissioner for development , announced the recovery package on tuesday .
" we will stand by ivory coast and its people by immediately starting to work with the government of president ouattara to support him in getting the country on the right track towards reconciliation , democracy , economic recovery and sustainable development , " he said .
the funding will provide support to ensure basic needs for citizens such as health , water , sanitation and to support the agricultural sector , piebalgs said in a statement .
top military brass pledged their support to ouattara in a ceremony tuesday at a hotel in abdijan .
gen. phillipe mangou , gbagbo 's former army chief of staff , said on state television that the generals were received by ouattara and given orders to take measures to restore order in the country .
( cnn ) -- the stepmother of a missing 10-year-old north carolina girl joined police as they searched for the girl 's body monday , the same day the girl 's father landed behind bars .
elisa baker , who police said last week admitted to writing a fake ransom note a day after the girl 's disappearance was reported , was taken by police to a search site near a home she lived in three years ago , according to cnn affiliate wsoc .
police earlier acknowledged that adam baker faced bad-check charges , which are unrelated to the disappearance of his daughter , zahra clare baker .
but they did not initially arrest him , as he had been helping authorities in their search .
zahra was reported missing october 9 .
but no one other than a family member has reported seeing her since september 25 , when a woman saw her at a furniture store .
elisa baker was arrested on october 10 , initially on several charged unrelated charges , including writing worthless checks .
last week , she was additionally charged with obstruction of justice -- a felony -- after leaving the ransom note at the family 's home .
authorities on friday ended an unsuccessful search at a north carolina landfill for a mattress connected to zahra 's disappearance , said police in hickory .
the adolescent 's disappearance is being investigated as a homicide , police said .
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- a will from michael jackson written in 2002 has been located , but it may be one of several , the jackson family lawyer said tuesday .
" i do n't personally know , but it 's possible . "
without a legal will , the division of his estate would be decided in court .
the 2002 will surfaced monday after a los angeles judge gave the singer 's mother , katherine jackson , temporary control of her son 's " tangible personal property . "
the pop icon 's three children -- ages 7 , 11 and 12 -- were also placed under the temporary guardianship of katherine jackson .
mcmillan said he has seen the will but would not disclose its details .
" there is a process called ' probating the will ' that will validate any will in due course , " he said .
probate is the legal process to prove whether a will is authentic and valid .
the process is used to pass on items in the will from the deceased to the beneficiaries .
the biological mother of jackson 's two oldest children , debbie rowe , will be invited to a hearing monday in which the judge will consider who should have custody of them .
beirut , lebanon ( cnn ) -- the message the brother and sister read aloud is one addressed to a missing father : 9-year-old najwa and 8-year-old tirad reciting the words in unison , " our mother 's starting to worry about you . "
she knows how much her children yearn to see their dad , but she just does n't know what to tell them .
how can she expose her kids to a brutal reality she feels they 're not ready to face ?
" they 're always asking me , ' when is dad coming home ? ' "
haidar said .
haidar struggles with the dilemma every day .
" it often feels like the world is against me , " she said .
" when i see how the children are deprived of their father , this is what bothers me the most . "
her three children , including 5-year-old myriam , think their father 's just delayed by work .
but raif badawi , 30 , has been imprisoned since being arrested in june .
he is accused of , among other things , breaking sharia law and starting a website that infringed on religious values .
according to haidar , her husband just wanted to encourage discussion about religion in his homeland .
but starting a liberal internet forum in conservative saudi arabia can be a dangerous pursuit .
" because they believed that anyone who 'd take this kind of case , that means he destroys his ( own ) reputation .
i believe that everyone has his right to have a lawyer .
and i believe that raif is innocent . "
a manhunt was under way in montgomery , about 55 miles west of auburn , for a suspect in the case , said auburn police chief tommy dawson .
he identified the suspect as desmonte leonard , 22 , of montgomery .
christian , of valdosta , georgia , was off the football team due to an injury , dawson said .
former player ladarious phillips , 20 , and auburn resident demario pitts , 20 , died later at a hospital , he said .
two others , including current auburn sophomore offensive lineman eric mack , 20 , of cameron , south carolina , were taken to east alabama medical center in the nearby town of opelika .
mack was released from the medical center about 11 a.m. sunday after being treated for a gunshot wound , hospital spokesman john atkinson said .
dawson said 20-year-old john robertson was in critical condition and undergoing surgery sunday at the university of alabama at birmingham hospital .
robertson was shot in the head , dawson said .
both moss and robertson are from roanoke , alabama , authorities said .
police have a motive in the shooting , but dawson would not release it , saying " that 's for the courtroom , later on . "
new york ( cnn ) -- popular science-fiction author harry harrison , whose book " make room !
make room ! "
was the basis for the 1973 film " soylent green , " about a futuristic society and its fictional food , has died , his publisher said wednesday .
he was 87 .
born in 1925 in stamford , connecticut , harrison was best known for his 12 novels about the futuristic character " slippery jim " degriz , also known as the stainless steel rat .
harrison started his career as an illustrator before switching to writing .
he is a member of the science fiction hall of fame .
" he believed science fiction was important , that it caused people to think about our world and what it could become , " tor books ' publisher tom doherty wrote in a blog post .
on learning of his death , fiction author harlan ellison said , " it 's a day without stars in it . "
ellison , who says he knew harrison since 1952 , said the author was one of the funniest guys who ever lived .
" harry was one of those who you thought would go on forever like a wind-up toy , " ellison told cnn .
harrison 's death comes after notable science fiction author ray bradbury passed away in june .
" thank you for sharing your mind , kind sir ! "
" heaven has to make room , make room for harry harrison , " wrote @petdance .
( cnn ) -- condolences continued to pour in late sunday night following the death of heavy metal rocker ronnie james dio , who lost his battle with stomach cancer earlier in the day .
" today my heart is broken , ronnie passed away at 7:45 a.m. 16th may , " his wife , wendy dio , said in a message on his official website .
dio , 67 , followed ozzy osbourne as black sabbath 's lead vocalist in 1979 .
" ronnie knew how much he was loved by all . "
" in addition to his powerhouse vocal ability , ronnie was a true gentleman who always emanated great warmth and friendship to us and everyone around him , " kiss said .
" we will miss him . "
anthrax guitarist scott ian called dio 's death a big loss .
" so many memories of ronnie .
toured together many times .
motley crue bassist nikki sixx , who became friends with dio while touring europe , said the rocker will be missed .
" i still have this image of him standing on stage in front of 100,000 belting out ' man on the silver mountain ' and remember the shivers it sent up my spine , " sixx said .
( cnn ) -- whether it 's breaking records on the piste , or making hit records in the studio , tina maze is determined to do things her way .
a leading slovenian music producer persuaded maze to record a number he had written .
given her maverick reputation and single-minded approach , the title could not have been more apt : -- " my way is my decision " -- and it proved an instant hit , quickly reaching no. 1 in the slovenian charts .
the accompanying video -- which sees maze moving in time to the catchy up tempo song -- has had over a million hits on youtube .
at one point , maze dons a skiing helmet and uses a ski as a mock guitar , but fooling aside it is clear she has more than a modicum of musical talent .
the tooth fairy 's trash became another man 's treasure saturday when a discolored molar that once belonged to john lennon was put up for auction .
the winning bid came in at 19,500 pounds ( u.s. $ 31,200 ) , according to auction results posted online .
omega auction house , which sold the tooth , did not immediately respond to requests for comment saturday .
lennon gave the tooth to dorothy " dot " jarlett when she worked as his housekeeper at his kenwood home in weybridge , surrey , according to her son , barry .
jarlett , who was employed between 1964 and 1968 , developed a warm relationship with lennon , her son said .
" she was very close with john , and one day whilst chatting in the kitchen , john gave my mother the tooth ( he had been to the dentist to have it removed that day ) and suggested giving it to my sister as a souvenir , as she was a huge beatles fan , " he said .
with the exception of the past two years , the tooth has been in canada for 40 years after dot jarlett 's daughter married a canadian .
barry jarlett , who said his mother is now 90 years old , said it was the right time to pass it on rather than to risk the tooth getting lost .
karen fairweather , the owner of omega auction house , told cnn last month that the tooth is too fragile for dna testing but she has no doubt about its authenticity .
editor 's note : join roland s. martin for his weekly sound-off segment on cnn.com live at 11:10 a.m. et wednesday .
if you 're passionate about politics , he wants to hear from you .
a nationally syndicated columnist , martin has said he will vote for barack obama in november .
he is the author of " listening to the spirit within : 50 perspectives on faith " and " speak , brother !
a black man 's view of america . "
visit his web site for more information .
when democrats were in the final stages of winning back congress in 2006 , those three were at odds with dean , saying he should forget about his pie-in-the-sky plan to have the democratic party competitive in all 50 states .
they reasoned that money spent on get-out-the vote efforts in non-congressional elections was futile , and all the effort should be on reclaiming congress .
but dean resisted their suggestions , weathering repeated calls for him to resign after that election .
dean 's insistence on having a democratic party that existed in the heartland , and not just california , new york and massachusetts , was brilliant in that it made clear that the party recognized the rest of america .
ireport.com : what would you ask obama ?
set to air on april 14 , this is the " pitch perfect " star 's first time hosting , and the first time a woman has hosted since sarah silverman 's stint in 2007 .
on top of the delightful news that amy poehler and tina fey are hosting the golden globes this year , we 're hoping the female comedian-as-host trend continues .
take a look at the trailer , featuring wilson herself , here .
after her over-the-top roles in " bridesmaids " and " pitch perfect , " we ca n't wait to see her signature comedy style on the annual awards show .
in the show 's 20 year history , the hosts have been inconsistent .
lindsay lohan even hosted one year â   but her one-off hosting gig in 2004 was during a more innocent time for the troubled starlet .
' parks and rec ' : jenny slate to guest as ... since 2007 , single comedian hosts have reclaimed the show , including andy samberg , aziz ansari , jason sudeikis , and russell brand .
see the original article at ew.com .
all rights reserved .
jakarta ( cnn ) an indonesian court has rejected a bid by two australian drug smugglers -- members of the " bali nine " -- to challenge their planned executions .
andrew chan and myuran sukumaran are awaiting death by firing squad on indonesia 's " execution island " for their role in a failed 2005 heroin smuggling plot .
a panel of three judges in the state administrative court in jakarta on monday confirmed an earlier ruling that it lacked the jurisdiction to hear challenges against president joko widodo 's refusal to grant clemency .
one of the condemned men 's lawyers , leonard aritonang , said he was disappointed with the rulings but would respect the court 's decision .
he said his team would file a further review , asking the constitutional court to explain widodo 's obligations regarding granting clemency .
" i 'm hoping the government still respects ... any ongoing proceedings , " he said .
tony spontana , a spokesman for the indonesian attorney general 's office , told cnn that the state administrative court 's ruling was " a relief . "
" we had predicted it will be rejected because clemency is a prerogative right of the president , as head of the government , not an object of a suit at the administrative court , " he said in a message .
" with this decision , it 's a step closer towards the scheduled execution . "
australia has repeatedly appealed for clemency for the pair and has unsuccessfully proposed a prisoner swap with indonesia as a way of avoiding their deaths .
new york ( cnn ) -- a rarely seen portrait of michael jackson is on display inside a harlem luxury car dealership .
macky dancy , a partner at dancy-power automotive , said the oil painting titled " the book " is believed to be the only portrait for which jackson sat .
the oil painting titled " the book " is on display at dancy-power automotive in harlem , new york .
a different portrait of the entertainer was among items auctioned from his neverland ranch in april .
it is not clear whether jackson sat for that painting .
abrams acquired it as part of an unrelated business deal in 1992 and had it stored .
the painting shows jackson sitting in renaissance-era clothes and holding a book .
jackson sat for the portrait because he was a friend of livingstone-strong 's .
the painting was unveiled at the dancy-power automotive group showroom on thursday but was removed friday because of crowd concerns .
it returned to the showroom floor monday morning .
dancy said the painting 's owner chose the showroom because it 's near the apollo theater in harlem , where the jackson 5 won their first taste of fame by winning amateur night in 1967 .
he said abrams hopes the painting in some way can raise money for charities in the harlem neighborhood .
but it soon escalated when one of the boys grabbed a knife .
michael barton , quantel lotts ' stepbrother , was stabbed to death at age 17 .
the older teen , michael barton , 17 , was dead by the time he reached the hospital , stabbed twice.the younger boy , quantel lotts , 14 , would eventually become one of missouri 's youngest lifers .
lotts was sentenced in missouri 's st. francois county circuit court in 2002 to life in prison without parole for first-degree murder in his stepbrother 's stabbing death .
" they locked me up and threw away the keys , " lotts , now 23 , said from prison .
" they took away all hope for the future . "
his stepmother , the victim 's mother , has forgiven lotts and is working with lawyers to gain his release .
the 73 are just a fraction of the more than 2,000 offenders serving life sentences for crimes they committed as minors under the age of 18 .
across the country , most juvenile offenders and many adults are given a second chance .
charles manson , convicted in seven notorious murders committed when he was 27 , will be eligible for his 12th parole hearing in 2012 .
he 's been denied parole 11 times .
even " son of sam " killer david berkowitz , who confessed to killing six people in the 1970s when he was in his 20s , has had four parole hearings , though he has said he does n't deserve parole and does n't want it .
( cnn ) -- cristiano ronaldo salvaged a point for real madrid in a pulsating and controversial madrid derby sunday to keep his side top of the three-way title race in la liga .
real were trailing atletico 2-1 with eight minutes remaining when he equalized after an assist from gareth bale , firing home from the edge of the area .
alexis sanchez put them ahead after just eight minutes in the nou camp before lionel messi made it 2-0 with a stunning free kick , his eighth goal in six games .
angel trujillo pulled one back for the visitors and it took late goals from carles puyol and xavi to seal the victory .
atletico were looking to complete the league double over their capital rivals but were beaten 5-0 on aggregate by real in the copa del rey semifinals last month .
when karim benzema put the league leaders in front after just three minutes from an angel di maria cross it looked as los rojiblancos would be left with red faces again , but it proved the opposite .
sergio ramos appeared fortunate not to concede a penalty when he tripped star atletico striker diego costa but the home side were in front by half time as koke and gabi struck with spectacular long range efforts .
a further penalty appeal involving costa in the second half was also turned away and home assistant coach mono burgos was sent to the stands for protesting .
new orleans , louisiana ( cnn ) -- the five remaining defendants in the racially charged " jena six " case will appear in court friday and are expected to enter a plea , a spokesman for the district attorney 's office said .
protesters converged on the small louisiana town in september 2007 after the " jena 6 " were charged .
in december 2006 , six african-american teenagers were charged with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy in the beating of a white classmate .
jena , louisiana , is about 140 miles southeast of shreveport in the north-central part of the state .
the case drew national attention from civil rights groups , who argued that the charges were excessive .
an estimated 15,000-plus demonstrators turned out for a rally on behalf of the teens : carwin jones , jesse ray beard , robert bailey jr. , bryant purvis , theo shaw and mychal bell .
the charges were eventually reduced .
bell pleaded guilty to battery in a juvenile court and moved to monroe , louisiana .
in january , bell said he had attempted suicide the month before by shooting himself in the chest but was recovering .
friday 's hearing is set for 1:30 p.m.
( instyle.com ) -- when " the mary tyler moore show " premiered on september 19 , 1970 , it was almost revolutionary : the first television series focused on an independent ( read : unmarried ) career girl .
to celebrate the iconic program 's fortieth anniversary , instyle takes a look back at five fashionable tv shows -- and characters -- that have influenced women 's at-work style .
" the mary tyler moore show '' mary richards lived in wintry minneapolis and therefore had no shortage of cute cold-weather staples , including double-breasted coats , knee-high boots , and that famous blue tam .
but it was her 70s work-wear that most women sought : colorful scarves , two-piece suits , and bright , office-appropriate dresses .
see all 10 shows that influenced women 's at-work wardrobes " dynasty " okay , so the carrington women were n't exactly your typical 9-to-5ers .
nevertheless , the big-shouldered , wasp-waisted creations worn by oil mogul alexis ( joan collins ) and her longtime rival krystle ( linda evans ) were popular enough with fans that the show spawned a signature fashion line , " the dynasty collection " which was designed by the show 's costumer , nolan miller .
" ally mcbeal " in 1998 , shortly after the show 's first season finale , ally mcbeal 's disembodied head appeared on the cover of time magazine along with the question , " is feminism dead ? "
despite the conclusions reached by that article ( is it really fair to compare a fictional character to activists and thinkers like susan b. anthony and gloria steinem ? )
, women do owe something to the flighty young lawyer played by calista flockhart : she almost singlehandedly made the workplace safe for bare legs , freeing us from the tyranny of mandatory pantyhose .
he was taken to a hospital on his doctor 's orders , lawyer ahmad raza kasuri said .
his trial was subsequently postponed until monday .
asiya ishaq , a supporter and leader of the all pakistan muslim league , said the former president had been feeling pressure on his chest since wednesday evening and was not well .
ishaq also said that as far as she knows , " musharraf has got three arteries blocked and is currently undergoing angiography , " an artery-scanning procedure .
atiqa odho , a pakistani actor who 's a former leader of the apml , a party that musharraf launched in 2010 , offered support for musharraf on thursday .
" i pray for president musharraf 's health and long life , " she said .
" it is painful to see how heartbroken a great and brave man is , due to being let down by people who claimed to be his supporters . "
musharraf could be sentenced to life in prison or the death penalty if convicted on charges of treason .
the former president ruled the country from 1999 to 2008 .
he went into exile in 2008 but came back to pakistan last year , intending to run in the country 's national elections .
but his plans unraveled as he became entangled in a web of court cases relating to his time in power .
( cnn ) -- cristiano ronaldo underlined just why real madrid agreed to pay him the big bucks on a scintillating evening of european football .
the 28-year-old , who inked a new five-year deal with the spanish club on sunday , completed a brilliant hat trick as real raced to a 6-1 rout against galatasaray .
ronaldo had the final say in istanbul as he danced past three defenders before blasting the ball into the net for his hat-trick .
summer signing isco had got los blancos off the mark when he picked up a long ball hit from beyond the halfway line by angel di maria and hit home after 33 minutes .
from then on it was one way traffic as karim benzema and ronaldo added two goals apiece before umut bulut pulled one back for the turkish champions .
the away victory saw the nine time european champions kick off a new era of european football under manager carlo ancelotti in some style .
a pulsating opening round of champions league group matches featured a flurry of firsts .
former barcelona boss pep guardiola safely negotiated his first match in charge of bayern munich 's title defence with an emphatic 3-0 win over cska moscow .
david alaba hit home a dipping free kick to set the germans on their way before mario mandzukic powered in a header in a dominant first half .
arjen robben volleyed in a scooped pass from alaba to tick off a first european win for guardiola and his defending champions .
one gondola car is suspended above an icy creek at a ski resort near whistler , british columbia .
in a rare occurrence called ice-jacking , water seeped into the lower section of the lift tower and turned to ice tuesday at whistler blackcomb resort , 177 kilometers ( 110 miles ) north of vancouver , a resort official said in a press release thursday .
the lift hangs from a tower that is spliced into two parts .
extremely cold temperatures caused the ice buildup that exerted 800 tons of pressure between the two parts that hold the tower together , causing them to rupture , according to whistler blackcomb .
he said 53 passengers had been rescued from the stranded cars .
no skiers at the whistler , british columbia , resort were seriously injured .
they are trying to figure out what caused the water to pool .
he said independent structural engineers are examining the tower from vancouver-based cvmm consulting engineers .
( cnn ) -- the american woman who sent her adopted son back to russia must pay $ 150,000 in child support , a tennessee judge reaffirmed friday .
torry hansen 's attorney , ed yarbrough , told cnn he will file a motion within a few weeks asking the court to modify or terminate the support , which was first ordered earlier this year .
the united states and russia last year signed an agreement to strengthen procedural safeguards for adoptions following the 2010 incident .
grandmother : adopted boy sent back to russia was violent artyem saveliev , adopted from a russian orphanage , was put on a plane back to moscow .
the shelbyville , tennessee , family claimed they feared for their safety after a series of violent episodes from the boy , then 7 .
an investigation was launched after the child showed up unannounced at russia 's child protection ministry with a letter from his adoptive mother asking russian authorities to annul the adoption .
the world association for children and parents had coordinated the adoption .
a lawsuit was filed against hansen for breach of contract and child support .
in may , the association said artyem is still a u.s. citizen and under tennessee law hansen is legally considered to be his mother .
according to cnn nashville affiliate wkrn , hansen testified friday in lewisburg , tennessee , that the boy wanted to kill her .
but larry crain , the adoption agency 's attorney , said the boy is not violent .
( cnn ) -- venezuela 's top election official said thursday that authorities will complete a 100 % audit of votes cast in sunday 's presidential election .
tibisay lucena , president of venezuela 's national electoral council , said officials decided on the audit after a lengthy debate .
read more : why venezuela is so divided the decision comes after opposition candidate henrique capriles radonski filed complaints with election officials about thousands of alleged violations during sunday 's vote .
" the electoral power is making this decision in order to preserve a climate of harmony between venezuelans , but also to isolate violent sectors that are irresponsibly trying to harm democracy , " lucena said .
" i want to congratulate our people , because this was your fight , " capriles said late thursday .
earlier this week , lucena certified the election results and declared nicolas maduro president-elect , despite capriles ' calls for a vote-by-vote recount .
maduro secured 50.8 % of votes in sunday 's election , while capriles won 49 % , election officials said earlier this week .
maduro is scheduled to be sworn in at a ceremony in caracas on friday .
it was unclear late thursday whether the audit would impact plans for his inauguration .
the audit will take about 30 days and will involve comparing results from voting machines with printed reports and registries containing voters ' signatures , venezuelan constitutional lawyer jose vicente haro told cnn en espaã ± ol .
jos , nigeria ( cnn ) -- a string of bombs struck churches in five nigerian cities sunday , leaving dozens dead and wounded on the holiday , authorities and witnesses said .
the blasts mark the second holiday season that bombs have hit christian houses of worship in the west african nation .
in a statement issued late sunday , nigerian president goodluck jonathan called the bombings " a dastardly act that must attract the rebuke of all peace-loving nigerians . "
" these acts of violence against innocent citizens are an unwarranted affront on our collective safety and freedom , " jonathan said .
" nigerians must stand as one to condemn them . "
bombs targeted churches across the country , hitting the cities of madalla , jos , kano , and damaturu and gadaka , said journalist hassan john , who witnessed the carnage in jos. the death toll in madalla alone was 18 , including two people reported dead overnight at a nearby hospital , nigeria 's national emergency management agency spokesman yushau shuaib told cnn .
john said witnesses in madalla reported a higher death toll , with more than 30 killed .
some victims died after being taken to a hospital , he said .
the worker asked not to be named for security reasons .
nwakpa okorie , a spokesman for the nigerian red cross , said the some of the wounded were taken to the capital abuja for treatment .
" the situation is under control now .
the security agents have secured the streets close to the bombed areas ... in madalla , jos and dematuru , " he said .
edmonds , washington ( cnn ) -- for michael reagan , the portraits always start the same way .
" i do the eyes first so i get this connection with the face , " he said .
" i am pretty exhausted after a picture .
reagan , a professional artist for 40 years , is known for his vivid etchings of politicians , celebrities and athletes .
today , he has a new subject : fallen members of the military .
it all started three years ago when the wife of a navy corpsman who was killed in iraq asked reagan to draw her late husband .
reagan insisted on doing the portrait for free .
then he had a realization .
" i looked at my wife and told her what happened and said , ' now we need to do them all , ' " reagan remembered .
" doing them all " meant closing his art gallery and reaching out to the families of fallen service members .
most of the troops reagan draws are u.s. service members killed in iraq and afghanistan .
he has recently started drawing portraits for family members of british and canadian troops killed in those conflicts .
many families were unsure why someone would offer to do a portrait for them at no cost .
they wanted to know why someone would volunteer to , as reagan puts it , " participate in the worst time of their life . "
slowly , word among military families spread and requests for portraits began pouring in .
reagan , a vietnam veteran , grew to know the faces of hundreds of troops lost to war .
washington ( cnn ) -- there is no argument the republican presidential field has breadth .
from mitt romney , the former republican governor of liberal massachusetts , who needs to convince primary doubters of his core conservatism to texas rep. ron paul , sometimes called " the intellectual godfather " of the tea party , who needs to convince doubters that in his third run at the job he is more than a conversation-mover .
he might be carrying his own actual baggage now since almost his entire senior campaign staff has bolted .
an inside look at monday 's cnn debate former minnesota gov. tim pawlenty -- like romney , he has chief executive credibility , having maneuvered his way through two terms in one of the bluest states in the country , but he 'll have to defend some of that record to a conservative base and work on upping his campaign skills to the national level .
former pennsylvania sen. rick santorum -- a favorite of social conservatives whose first pressing problem is convincing people he has a shot at powerhouse team obama .
and the former ceo of godfather 's pizza herman cain , a conservative radio host .
dismissed by republican stalwarts as entertainment , he has nonetheless found some poll traction .
profiles of the seven gop contenders there is some question about depth -- almost 40 % of republicans say they 're not satisfied with the field .
critics have called it weak but a top republican strategist thinks it 's more like wide-open , american style .
( cnn ) -- dan wheldon brought a bit of england with him when he began driving extremely fast cars in the united states .
" when i first started racing , a lot of the guys said that i raced with a lot of heart , occasionally not my head , but always with a lot of heart , like the way that richard the lionheart fought in battle , " wheldon wrote on a sponsor 's blog in 2010 .
wheldon placed a small mural of the 12th-century warrior king on his helmet in 1995 , before he competed in america and eventually released " lionheart , " a biographical photo book .
wheldon 's fellow indycar drivers remembered the heart , competitiveness and growing maturity of the two-time indianapolis 500 winner , who died in a horrific multi-car wreck at a las vegas event on sunday at age 33 .
" dan came over years ago as a young , brash kid from england , " former indycar driver lyn st. james said monday , " and we watched him mature into being this absolute , consummate professional ... he touched so many people . "
a shaken dario franchitti , speaking after the canceled las vegas indy 300 , said " one minute you 're joking around ... the next , dan 's gone . "
" we can put so much pressure on ourselves to win races and championships and it 's what we love to do , " said franchitti , who knew wheldon since he was a child .
" and it 's what we live for .
and then on days like today , it does n't really matter .
i lost , we lost ... a good friend . "
franchitti recalled wheldon 's early indycar years .
( cnn ) -- defending champions manchester united made it two wins out of two in the new english premier league season as they beat tottenham 3-0 at old trafford .
second half goals from danny welbeck , anderson and wayne rooney sealed a comfortable victory for alex ferguson 's youthful side , who went joint top of the table .
it marked defeat for tottenham in their opening game of the season after their first fixture of the new campaign was canceled due to the london riots .
victory took united level at the summit with rivals manchester city , who maintained their 100 per cent record with a 3-2 win at bolton on sunday .
united manager alex ferguson told sky sports : " the second half was absolutely fantastic .
on hearing it was the second youngest team manchester united had fielded in the premier league era ferguson added : " it tells you we still believe in young players , more so when you see the ability they 've got .
" this group have fantastic ability -- they force you to play them . "
on welbeck he added : " he 's always shown great loyalty danny , when we put him on loan at sunderland last season that 's when he grew up .
" he 's a bit rangy , a long-legged boy who can gallop quickly , he 's a good footballer and has a great attitude to win the ball back . "
tom cleverley was the first to test tottenham 's goalkeeper brad friedel as the veteran american turned his goal-bound effort round the post before ashley young went close with a looping header from rooney 's cross .
dixon , illinois ( cnn ) -- william heirens , the " lipstick killer , " is believed to be the longest-serving inmate in the united states .
diabetes has ravaged his body , but his mind is sharp .
" bill 's never allowed himself to be institutionalized , " said dolores kennedy , his long-time friend and advocate .
" he 's kept himself focused on the positives . "
the days are spent mostly watching television and reading magazines .
using a wheelchair and sharing a cell with a roommate in the health unit of dixon correctional center , he still yearns for a chance at freedom .
it is something he has not tasted since 1946 .
according to steven drizin , the legal director of the center on wrongful convictions at northwestern university , heirens " has served longer than anyone in the u.s. that i can find . "
it is a dubious record , but fitting for the man dubbed the lipstick killer , whose crime spree remains among the most infamous in the history of chicago , the city of capone and leopold and loeb .
the scar-faced gangster and the thrill-kill pair are long gone .
heirens , however , has not slipped into the past .
he lives in the present and hopes for a future outside prison .
supporters have championed his cause , convinced that he is innocent , or arguing that he has been rehabilitated , a model inmate who has served his sentence .
savannah , georgia ( cnn ) -- what does it really take to dress someone as fashion-forward and in the spotlight as michelle obama ?
designer yigal azrouël talks with students at the savannah college of art and design .
" bravery , " says isabel toledo , designer of the first lady 's attention-grabbing lemongrass yellow wool and lace ensemble that she wore for the inauguration of her husband president obama .
" fashion is being hit particularly hard in the new job market .
fashion as a whole is feeling a greater level of lost revenues and in turn has lost opportunities for sustaining volume and even more so for growth , " said marshal cohen , chief analyst and expert fashion analyst for the npd market research group .
" the ironic thing is that new ideas and creations are just what the industry needs but is too cautious to react to it , " he added .
full of new ideas , student designers say they are aware of the challenges as they head out into the work force , but they 're optimistic they can make it in these tough times .
" after i graduate , i 'm going to new york , i have an internship lined up with a trend forecasting company , promostyl , " said shelby simon whose designs made it into scad 's annual fashion show .
see the runway fashions » " everyone needs an assistant so hopefully i 'll be able to find something pretty easily , " said caitlin clarke .
( cnn ) -- rory mcilroy has won the deutsche bank championship by one stroke after shooting a final round 67 at the tpc boston on monday .
the northern irishman finished on 20-under par , one stroke in front of overnight leader louis oosthuizen , who fired a final round 71 .
the victory takes mcilroy 's career tally of pga tour victories to five , three of which have come this season .
tiger woods finished third on 18-under par thanks to a final round 66 with phil mickelson ( 66 ) and dustin johnson ( 70 ) tied for fourth on 14 under .
mcilroy , who regained the world no. 1 spot with victory in last month 's u.s.pga championship , surged to the top of the leaderboard early on in his final round , firing five birdies on the opening nine .
it was a lead he never relinquished , despite the best efforts of woods and , in particular , oosthuizen -- the south african had a chance to force a playoff on the final green , but missed his birdie putt .
the win sees mcilroy replace american nick watney at the top of the fedexcup points standings while in finishing third , woods passed another milestone in his remarkable career .
the 14-time major winner picked up $ 544,000 , helping him become the first player to surpass $ 100 million in pga tour earnings .
( cnn ) reigning world champion lewis hamilton and teammate nico rosberg resumed where they left off last season as the 2015 formula one season kicked off in melbourne .
the mercedes duo , who took pole position in all but one of last season 's qualifying sessions and won 16 of the 19 races , were dominant in first and second practice for sunday 's australian grand prix .
vettel 's finnish teammate , kimi raikkonen was fourth , 1.1 seconds behind the lead with williams ' valtteri bottas and daniel kvyat , who was making his debut for red bull since his switch from toro rosso , finishing fifth and sixth respectively .
" today we have the evidence that our silver arrow is quick again and it was a great start for the team , " he added .
" it seems again that it 's very close between lewis and me and he is a great driver , so i need to nail the setup every time to come out on top .
this year will be a big battle again against him , i 'm sure .
i 'm looking forward to the first weekend of the new season with all the great fans out there . "
washington ( cnn ) -- the virginia governor 's race has often been looked to as an off-year barometer of national political sentiment .
in a lesser-of-two-evils campaign , terry mcauliffe , the longtime democratic fundraiser and confidante to former president bill clinton , is clinging to a modest but sturdy lead over republican ken cuccinelli , the state 's attorney general .
republicans have pilloried mcauliffe as a sleazy political operator and failed businessman who exploited his washington connections to help his sputtering car company , greentech automotive .
cuccinelli has been targeted as a far-right social crusader who would curb abortion rights and access to contraception .
mcauliffe is hardly bulletproof : a federal investigation into greentech has sullied his reputation , and only two-thirds of democrats -- his own party -- consider him " honest and trustworthy . "
but cuccinelli is on much shakier ground .
enter robert sarvis .
as public dismay with the two main candidates calcifies , the baby-faced 37-year old libertarian candidate from fairfax has quietly crept northward in the polls , reaching 10 % in the post poll .
that 's not nearly enough to win in november -- with just five weeks until election day , even sarvis admits " we have to get a lot higher " -- but he looks increasingly likely to play the role of spoiler by siphoning conservative votes away from cuccinelli .
washington ( cnn ) -- first-term democratic incumbent north carolina sen. kay hagan lost in a tight contest against gop challenger thom tillis , according to a cnn projection .
it was the most expensive senate race this cycle : a great deal of the funding was provided by out-of-state organizations backing harsh television attack ads .
the neck-and-neck race was key to republicans ' plans to win back the senate from democrats .
with 99 % of precincts reporting their vote totals , tillis had 49 % to hagan 's 47 % .
tillis is known for his conservative stances on issues like same-sex marriage and women 's abortion rights .
he worked to nationalize the race by tying hagan to president obama , who suffers from high disapproval ratings in the tar heel state even though he -- along with hagan -- were victorious there in 2008 .
tillis made national news in late october when he debated an empty chair on live television after his opponent refused to attend what was initially billed as a debate between the two candidates .
she also worked to bolster her own appeal with racial minorities by pointing out tillis ' enactment of a strict voter identification law .
neither candidate has enjoyed much popularity in the state according to an nbc news/marist poll from last week showing hagan 's disapproval rating at 48 percent and tillis ' at 44 percent .
( cnn ) -- vulgar comments , some laced with racial epithets .
a physical attack .
threats to him and his family .
all of this and more -- stretched out over a season and a half -- proved too much for jonathan martin , 24 , to bear , which is why he left the miami dolphins last week , his lawyer said .
" jonathan endured harassment that went far beyond the traditional locker room hazing , " the attorney , david cornwell , said in a prepared statement . "
... these facts are not in dispute . "
the comments , through the intermediary , break a silence from the offensive lineman who walked out after an incident in the team 's cafeteria and has n't been back since , according to dolphins head coach joe philbin .
days later , miami suspended richie incognito , 30 , for conduct detrimental to the team .
rumors and news stories flew quickly in the days to come , including a well-publicized voice mail in which incognito reportedly calls martin a racial epithet and threatens his life .
richie incognito , jonathan martin , and the nfl 's future some also questioned the toughness of martin , a stanford university graduate who was in his second nfl season , especially as it came out that he might be seeking help for emotional issues .
but cornwell stressed : " jonathan martin 's toughness is not an issue . "
" jonathan started every game with the miami dolphins since he was drafted in 2012 , " he said of the second-round draft pick .
" at stanford , he was the anchor for jim harbaugh 's ' smash mouth ' brand of football and he protected ( then-stanford , now indianapolis colts quarterback ) andrew luck 's blind side .
( cnn ) -- a yemeni court monday sentenced to death one of the leaders of the terrorist group al qaeda in the arabian peninsula , yemen 's state-run news agency reported .
prior to his capture , trial and sentencing , saleh al-shawsh had been one of the three most wanted members of the group , an arm of osama bin laden 's broader terrorist organization formed last year .
referring to al-shawsh as a member of an " armed gang , " the report said that the incidents he was involved in occurred between 2007 and 2010 .
president barack obama 's counterterrorism adviser , john brennan , met the president of yemen a month ago to discuss al qaeda and u.s. support for yemen , the u.s. embassy announced at the time .
brennan delivered a letter to yemeni president ali abdullah saleh affirming u.s. support for yemen , the embassy said .
the obama administration is considering adding armed cia drones to help fight the increasing threat of al qaeda in yemen , a u.s. official said in august .
a u.s. counterterrorism official told cnn that the administration recognizes that " not enough is being done in yemen " to meet the growing challenge posed by al qaeda in the arabian peninsula .
( cnn ) -- on friday morning , wojdan shaherkani will set a new olympic record .
by participating in the first round of the olympic judo competition she will become the first saudi woman to take part in any olympic games .
qatar and brunei are also allowing female athletes to compete at the olympics for the first time , making these games a landmark for arab women .
celebrating female athletes from the arab world , a photo exhibition called " hey-ya ( let 's go ! )
: arab women in sport , " has opened in london .
" it is our chance to see another face of the arab women -- more modern and more engaged . "
" they understood how important it was , " she said .
commissioned by the qatar museums authority , the photos show athletes from many countries and feature olympic competitors and non-olympians alike .
lacombe says she hopes her portraits will inspire other young girls , who might become sports stars one day .
" a really important corner . "
the exhibition is showing at sotheby 's , london , until august 11 .
( cnn ) -- a former campaign staffer for san diego mayor bob filner became the second woman to publicly accuse him of sexual harassment , saying tuesday that the then-congressman patted her " posterior " while at a fundraising event .
laura fink , who now runs a political consulting firm , told kpbs-tv that it happened in 2005 when she was working as filner 's deputy campaign manager .
fink said she did n't go public with the incident at the time because she was trying to build her political career .
but she said she now feels emboldened to tell her story after filner 's former spokeswoman , irene mccormack jackson , sued him for sexual harassment monday .
she said she resigned as filner 's communications director in june after deciding the mayor would not change his behavior .
" i had to work and do my job in an atmosphere where women were viewed by mayor filner as sexual objects or stupid idiots , " jackson said .
she said filner asked her to work without underwear and made repeated sexual advances toward her .
" he is not fit to be mayor of our great city .
he is not fit to hold any public office .
at one point , she said , someone at the event told filner that fink had " worked her ass off " for him .
( cnn ) the odds seemed almost impossibly stacked against baby lily , but she survived .
rescuers found the toddler saturday , hanging upside down in her mother 's car , which had flipped into a frigid utah river a day before .
lily 's mother , lynn jennifer groesbeck , died in the crash .
she was 25 years old .
how did her 18-month-old survive ?
one of the biggest factors was the car seat .
lily was in the proper car seat for her age and the seat appears to have been properly attached .
even though the child was trapped and upside down , her body remained in the seat and above the frigid water .
doctors say that such low temperatures are dangerous , but would be even more so if the baby were wet .
dry cold temperatures are more survivable than wet cold temperatures .
" she 's going to have a lower heart rate .
she 's going to need less sugar , " walsh said .
" it 's almost like the body is sort of knowing that it needs to shut down to protect itself . "
a variety of other factors were also likely at play .
" we do n't know what time the child was last fed , when she drank .
given that it 's wintertime and she was in her car seat , she was probably wearing mittens , a hat .
we tend to over bundle our children , so the fact that she was dry , she probably had on multiple layers because it 's winter , and there 's always a chance that she had just been sort of fed right before this happened probably all played a role , " walsh said .
harry 's diamond jubilee celebrations began friday in the belize capitol belmopan , where the prince danced and drank in a street party along the newly-named hm queen elizabeth ii boulevard .
the 27-year-old son of prince charles and diana had a quieter day in belize saturday , climbing to the top of xunantunich , a mayan temple .
harry toured an open air exhibit in nassau 's rawson square sunday , before boarding a speedboat for a visit to several bahamian islands to meet with locals .
the prince is expected to attend military exercises conducted by the royal bahamian defence force , responsible for patrolling about 1,000 islands in its 100,000 square miles of territorial waters .
cnn 's brian vitagliano contributed to this report .
tripoli , libya ( cnn ) -- libya 's interim leaders will declare liberation on sunday and hold elections in the coming months as the war-torn country works toward building a new society in the post-moammar gadhafi era .
mahmoud jibril , chairman of the national transitional council executive board , said elections " should be within a period of eight months , maximum . "
he spoke at the world economic forum in jordan .
the first vote will be for a national congress that will draft a constitution .
after that , parliamentary and presidential elections will be held .
jibril said that oil-rich libya is currently producing around 300,000 barrels per day , up from near zero during the depths of the conflict .
the country should be back at its prewar output of 1.6 million barrels of oil per day within 15 months , he said .
gadhafi 's death thursday solidified the power of the ntc , which will mark the country 's liberation on sunday in the eastern city of benghazi , where the uprising started .
nato , which launched an operation to protect libyan citizens against the gadhafi regime during the libyan war , plans to ends its operations by october 31 .
speaking in his weekly address saturday , obama said gadhafi 's death " showed that our role in protecting the libyan people , and helping them break free from a tyrant , was the right thing to do . "
" our brave pilots and crews helped prevent a massacre , save countless lives , and give the libyan people the chance to prevail .
without putting a single u.s. service member on the ground , we achieved our objectives .
soon , our nato mission will come to a successful end even as we continue to support the libyan people , and people across the arab world , who seek a democratic future . "
( cnn ) -- manny pacquiao returned home to a hero 's welcome in his native philippines on friday after wresting the wbo welterweight title from miguel cotto on a 12th round technical knockout in las vegas .
' pacman ' has a fanatical following in the philippines which has been further enhanced by his record breaking victory as he claimed his sixth world title at a different weight by beating cotto on saturday night .
" welcome home , the world 's bext boxer of all time , " read a banner as thousands of fans greeted the 30-year-old .
following his hard-fought victory over puerto rican cotto , all the talk is of a cash-rich superfight with american floyd mayweather jr. next year .
leading promoter bob arum said he is ready to put the pay-per-view extravaganza at the 147-pound welterweight class , with las vegas the preferred venue .
pacquiao played down the possibility as he talked to reporters on his return .
" we are not forcing a fight with him .
it is right that he is the one challenging me , because my fights score more on pay-per-view , " he said .
pacquiao has greatly enhanced his reputation with successive wins over oscar de la hoya , britain 's ricky hatton and cotto .
mayweather returned to the ring with a comfortable win over juan manuel marquez and has the reputation for grossing massive receipts from his pay-per-view appearances .
for the moment , pacquiao will spend time at home with his wife , jinkee , and three children and is also set to pursue his ambition to enter filippino politics , standing for a congressional seat in his home island of mindanao .
one south african artist is using the street as his canvas and changing lives in the process .
ricky-lee gordon , who goes by his artist name freddy sam , describes himself as a creative activist who hopes to bring about social change through his projects .
his latest ambition is to transform the cape town suburb , woodstock , with murals full of color and positive messages .
he says that business owners are happy for murals to be painted on their buildings because the color is rejuvenating the area .
" the area , the landscape and the architecture is really rundown and neglected so a mural can do a lot for an environment , " gordon said .
" woodstock is i guess the up and coming art precinct .
a lot of families would move here to get work in these factories , but these factories unfortunately are closing down , " he continued .
" artists like to be surrounded by real culture , and there 's a real culture here .
' traffic light ' artists paint a brighter future gordon is also getting the community involved .
one of the organizations he works with is the percy bartley orphanage , a home to boys aged eight to 18 years .
" when i found out about this home , i proposed to the sponsor to give us funding to rejuvenate the home with colors and murals , " gordon said .
new york ( cnn ) -- he did n't compete for the hot dog eating title this year , but he did cause a scene at the contest .
takeru kobayashi was arrested at coney island after his rival , joey chestnut , won the annual nathan 's international hot dog eating contest .
the six-time champion of the contest was trying to make his way on stage after this year 's event , according to a representative for kobayashi and a new york police officer at the brooklyn precinct booking desk .
" he got excited when people chanted his name after the contest ....
so he jumped up on the stage because he wanted his fans to see him and ( he thought ) maybe they would chant , ' let him eat , ' " james said , referring to a dispute that kept kobayashi from the table this year .
kobayashi -- who took home the title every year from 2001 to 2006 -- did not compete because of a contract dispute with major league eating .
he watched from the stands .
chestnut won by consuming 54 hot dogs and buns in 10 minutes .
the win -- chestnut 's fourth straight -- was short of his 68-hot dog record set last year .
a statement from the new york police department 's public affairs office following the arrest said kobayashi was charged with two misdemeanors and one violation , with the violation considered a low-level charge similar to a traffic violation .
the violation was trespassing .
ruben navarrette jr. is a nationally syndicated columnist and a member of the editorial board of the san diego union-tribune .
read his column here ruben navarrette says sarah palin 's critics challenged her because of prejudices about small-town values .
san diego , california ( cnn ) -- during the presidential election , some democrats demanded to know how i could defend alaska gov. sarah palin .
simply put , palin is my people .
she 's small-town folk who wound up in the big leagues .
because i grew up in a small town with a population of less than 15,000 people , i was disgusted by the insults and condescension coming from those who think of themselves as the enlightened elite .
meanwhile , in small towns , i detected great affection for palin .
people talked about how she was " a real person " who " reflected their values . "
the most significant divide in america is n't red state vs. blue state , it 's rural vs. urban .
the country mouse and the city mouse are still slugging it out .
in 1982 , new york mayor ed koch ran unsuccessfully for governor of new york .
some say the deciding factor was when koch described life in upstate new york as " sterile " and said he dreaded living in the " small town " of albany , if elected .
that did n't play well in rural areas .
now comes colin powell .
during a recent appearance on cnn 's " fareed zakaria gps , " powell attempted an autopsy on the republican party 's failed presidential bid .
( cnn ) a dark intersection .
a church van full of parishioners .
and tragedy .
that 's about all police in glades county , florida , had to work with early monday , hours after a van with 18 people inside ran a stop sign , crossed a four-lane highway and plunged into a shallow water-filled ditch .
eight people died .
investigators do n't know why it happened , florida highway patrol spokesman lt. greg bueno told cnn affiliate wpbf .
" our hearts go out to the families of the victims , " bueno said .
" it breaks your heart to see something like this happen . "
some relatives of the crash victims , all of whom were from the independent haitian assembly of god in fort pierce , gathered at the rural intersection monday morning .
others went to the church .
" we 've lost a lot of family members , church family , " phillipe dorce , who said he lost his father , told wpbf .
" all we can do is pray ( to ) god to help us out .
it 's very sad for us . "
she 'd arrived from haiti six years ago .
" she loved singing and helping people , " tcpalm.com quoted her as saying .
" she was exciting ; she was the best lady to us . "
laura lochard told the site that her uncle died in the crash , leaving behind four children , the youngest of which is 16 , whom he brought to the united states from haiti .
he was like a father to her , too , she said .
in his appearance before the house judiciary committee on wednesday , clancy , who was tapped to lead the agency last month , also laid out protocols the secret service is trying to improve in the wake of the fence jumper and other problems in the past few years .
his appearance comes a week after the department of homeland security published a report revealing failures in training , equipment and communications at the agency .
clancy said when the jumper , omar gonzalez , started to scale the fence , officers nearby outside the barrier started shouting verbal commands before sprinting over and coming " about an arm 's length or two arms ' lengths short of reaching him " before he breached the fence .
rep. steve cohen , d-tennessee , joked that gonzalez " got further in the white house than some of my republican colleagues have ever gotten . "
he asked if a moat would be effective in stopping future white house jumpers .
" sir , it may be , " clancy replied , but added the secret service tries to recognize the accessibility and historic nature of the white house .
their first step , clancy continued , is working with the national park service to " do something with the fence , " including possibly making it taller .
defying warnings from the international community , north korea launched a long-range rocket on friday , but it broke apart before escaping the earth 's atmosphere and fell into the sea , officials said .
" it flew about a minute , and it flew into the ocean , " said noriyuki shikata , a spokesman for japanese prime minister yoshihiko noda .
he added that japanese authorities " have not identified any negative impacts , so far , " though he said the international ramifications could be significant .
" this is something that we think is a regrettable development , " he said .
joseph cirincione , president of the global security foundation the ploughshares fund , told cnn that the launch 's apparent failure " shows the weakness of the north korea missile program " and suggests that the threat from north korea has been " exaggerated . "
" it 's a humiliation , " he told cnn .
" i would n't want to be a north korean rocket scientist today . "
in an unusual admission of failure , the north korean state media announced that the rocket had not managed to put an observation satellite into orbit , which pyongyang had insisted was the purpose of the launch .
in the past , north korea has insisted that failed launches have been successful .
" scientists , technicians and experts are now looking into the cause of the failure , " the official korean central news agency said in a report , which was also read out in a news broadcast on state-run television .
the united states , south korea and other countries see the launch as a cover for a ballistic missile test .
" our government strongly criticizes their action , " said south korean minister of foreign affairs kim sung hwan .
" they have ignored the starvation of their people and spent money on missiles .
( cnn ) -- a man suspected of fatally shooting an iowa football coach wednesday was released from a hospital the day before , without the knowledge of police , who had asked to be notified , authorities said .
ed thomas had been with the school district for more than 30 years and was well-known in the region .
investigators believe becker walked into the school 's weight room , where thomas was overseeing athletes ' weight lifting , about 7:45 a.m. wednesday and shot him multiple times as about 20 horrified students looked on .
thomas was flown to a hospital , where he later died .
the agency , however , noted that becker had " recent contact " with police in cedar falls , iowa , about 25 miles to the east of parkersburg .
on june 20 , becker led police on a high-speed chase after he allegedly broke into a man 's house , according to a division statement .
he was taken into custody , but early the next morning authorities determined he needed medical attention and he was taken to a hospital .
" law enforcement was unaware that becker had been released . "
london ( cnn ) -- there are few places in the world where you can see ancient statues , imperial european jewellery , masterpieces by pieter bruegel , paintings by picasso and sculpture by henry moore all under one roof .
the highlights of this year 's fair include a necklace once owned by emperor maximilian ii 's wife , an antique cabinet and mechanical organ playing beethoven 's " battle symphony , " a painting of the madonna and child once owned by napoleon iii and a representation of marilyn monroe 's mouth in rubies and pearls by salvador dali .
now celebrating its 25th year , the fair remains one of the most important events on the annual art calendar .
" it 's talked about all year long , the quality is exceptional [ and though ] it 's not the easiest place to have a fair , people travel from all over the world to come to it , " he continued .
fabrizio moretti , a dealer and expert in italian old master paintings who is also on the board of trustees for the fair , said : " the thing that [ the fair organizers ] really strive for is the quality , and a new buyer can buy with confidence . "
( cnn ) -- moammar gadhafi 's bab al-aziziya compound is the heart of his nearly 42-year rule , a symbol of his defiance of the west .
the sprawling complex houses modern government offices , the bedouin tent in which gadhafi received visitors and stands of palm trees .
rebels posed around the statue and fired hundreds if not thousands of rounds of ammunition into the air in celebration , spurring the occasional rebuke from senior fighters .
the rebels picked through the compound in search of libya 's longtime strongman , but one fighter told cnn that neither gadhafi nor any members of his family had been found .
bab al-aziziya appeared to have been abandoned so quickly that a teakettle remained heating on a stove in one building , he said .
" they ran away , all of them , " he said .
bab al-aziziya , located near tripoli 's mediterranean shore , is believed to be undergirded by a network of tunnels .
abubaker saad , a former gadhafi aide , told cnn that at least one of the older buildings on the site was built atop a bunker four stories underground .
but he said it was unlikely that gadhafi had been in the complex before it was overrun tuesday , since it had been targeted by repeated nato airstrikes during the last few months of fighting .
( cnn ) -- an extensive internal review of the debacle at penn state that left a child sex abuser in place on campus for years forever casts a shadow over a heroic figure at the school : joe paterno .
the report , the result of months of investigation , finds paterno and a few other top officials not only showed a " callous and shocking disregard for child victims , " but also helped " empower " assistant football coach jerry sandusky to attract victims , according to former fbi director louis freeh , who spearheaded the review .
review at penn state : ' total disgard ' for the victims allegations have swirled around paterno , the legendary head football coach who led penn state to national prominence , since the scandal broke last year .
still , the official independent review deals a heavy blow to those who love college football and idolize paterno .
penn state trustee kenneth frazier , head of the committee addressing the sandusky scandal , said it was clear that paterno and other key university leaders exhibited " inexcusable failures " when it came to protecting children .
but , frazier said , figuring the coach 's legacy will be a bit more complicated .
" you have to measure every human by the good they 've done , the bad they 've done .
following the report 's release thursday , many people took to social media to condemn the aura of support that has long surrounded paterno -- and the students who rioted in november after he was fired .
defying warnings from the international community , north korea launched a long-range rocket on friday , but it broke apart before escaping the earth 's atmosphere and fell into the sea , officials said .
" it flew about a minute , and it flew into the ocean , " said noriyuki shikata , a spokesman for japanese prime minister yoshihiko noda .
he added that japanese authorities " have not identified any negative impacts , so far , " though he said the international ramifications could be significant .
" this is something that we think is a regrettable development , " he said .
" it 's a humiliation , " he told cnn .
" i would n't want to be a north korean rocket scientist today . "
in an unusual admission of failure , the north korean state media announced that the rocket had not managed to put an observation satellite into orbit , which pyongyang had insisted was the purpose of the launch .
in the past , north korea has insisted that failed launches have been successful .
" scientists , technicians and experts are now looking into the cause of the failure , " the official korean central news agency said in a report , which was also read out in a news broadcast on state-run television .
the united states , south korea and other countries see the launch as a cover for a ballistic missile test .
" our government strongly criticizes their action , " said south korean minister of foreign affairs kim sung hwan .
" they have ignored the starvation of their people and spent money on missiles .
it is very unfortunate . "
( ew.com ) -- since everything about " les misérables " is fortissimo  including but not limited to its unabashed pursuit of awards that are shiny or globular or both  you have perhaps already heard a little about the movie now storming the bastille of your wallet .
you may already know that to make his movie adaptation of the internationally popular theatrical musical conjured from the 19th-century political novel by victor hugo , director tom hooper ( " the king 's speech " ) bade his actors sing live during filming .
you 've learned , from posters and trailers , that hugh jackman , as former convict jean valjean , looks impressively stricken and that russell crowe , as implacable police inspector javert , looks disconcertingly dyspeptic .
what 's left to learn is this : " les misérables " provides compelling reasons for crowe to be peeved , beginning with the humiliation of having to sing broadway-style , when it clearly is so not his thing , and ending with the cap'n crunch wardrobe into which the gentleman is packed .
( long story . )
hathaway looks happy enough channeling liza minnelli for her tremulous rendition of the susan boyle-appropriated anthem '' i dreamed a dream , '' but that 's no doubt because she knows that soon after the song , she 's pretty much done for the night .
( careerbuilder.com ) -- co-workers are always a great topic of conversation .
you never run out of things to say when it comes to talking about the different types of people you work with , what you love , what you hate and how you deal with it all .
we thought we 'd do a little research into some of the best co-workers out there .
what we found found is that many workers out there are generous , kind people who put their colleagues ' lives before their own without hesitation .
here are 5 of the most heroic co-workers people encountered this year .
the heroes 1 .
co-worker helps to save a fellow employee 's life claude marlowe , a diabetic , went to work one morning like any other day .
when he went to shake a colleague 's hand , he had a heart attack and dropped dead -- literally .
that 's when debi coffman and another co-worker , larry garrett , realized that this was n't a diabetic episode ; marlowe had no pulse .
the two performed cpr and chest compressions and revived marlowe three times before emergency crews arrived .
he suffered five heart attacks and was brain dead for at least two hours .
he would not be alive had his co-workers not known what to do .
chandler worker helps colleague get new artificial leg for 30 years , gregory lewis , a retail maintenance worker , walked with the same prosthetic device on his left leg .
as the years wore on , so did his artificial leg .
one day , he lifted his foot off the ground to get into his car , and the artificial leg fell off .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- a prominent california democrat campaign fund manager charged with defrauding a state legislator of $ 677,181 is in settlement negotiations with federal prosecutors , a law enforcement source said tuesday .
kinde durkee , whose durkee & associates firm is based in burbank , california , has been charged with two counts of mail fraud regarding the alleged misappropriation of $ 677,181 in campaign funds belonging to california assemblyman jose solorio , a democrat whose office is based in anaheim , authorities said .
durkee is accused of filing false disclosure reports to hide the misappropriations , according to an affidavit by fbi agent reginald coleman .
durkee , who appears to have signature authority over more than 400 bank accounts , including those for political campaigns , allegedly moved " substantial " sums of money from client campaign committees to her firm 's accounts or other campaign accounts , coleman said in the affidavit .
durkee also allegedly spent funds from clients ' accounts to make her firm 's payroll and to pay for her mortgage , her american express bill , her mother 's assisted living facility expenses and other personal expenses , coleman 's affidavit said .
in an interview with the fbi on september 1 , " ms. durkee admitted that she had been misappropriating her clients ' money for years , and that forms she filed with the state were false , " coleman wrote .
durkee and her attorney could not be reached by cnn for comment on tuesday .
in the wake of the charges , u.s. rep. susan davis , d-california , has accused durkee of stealing " upwards of $ 250,000 in campaign funds , " according to a letter that davis sent to her supporters on saturday .
santo domingo , dominican republic ( cnn ) -- officials are forcing the 25-year-old model who won the dominican republic 's top beauty pageant to hand over her crown , saying she violated contest rules when she hid her marriage .
pageant organizers claim carlina duran had been married since 2009 but told miss dominican republic contest organizers she was single .
contestants in the pageant can not be married or divorced , organizers said .
" if there is an established rule , and it comes out that she is married , she is violating the rule , " said rafael concepcion .
on duran 's official facebook page , fans lamented the move .
dari baez said taking away duran 's crown was unfair .
beauty queens from dozens of countries are scheduled to compete in the miss universe pageant in las vegas in june .
journalist diulka perez contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- somalia 's capital mogadishu now has its first-ever atm bank machine -- and it dispenses u.s. dollars .
the machine was installed in late september in the upscale jazeera palace hotel , which is located 300 meters from aden adde international airport in the south-west of the city justus mulinge kisaulu , the hotel 's general manager , said that he had seen people using the new machine but it had not been widely adopted .
" local residents , most of them do n't have a debit credit or a credit card to use the atm . "
the u.s. dollar is " widely accepted " in mogadishu and is used in local trading , according to the african development bank .
the country 's official currency , the somali shilling , has seen a sustained decline in value following decades of conflict in the war-torn nation .
said moallim abukar , marketing manager of salaam somali bank , which operates the atm , said that other currencies would be available from the machine " in the near future . "
" it is likely to be a bit longer before locally based somalis start using it . "
this is the first atm in somalia proper , but cash withdrawal machines already exist in the city of hargeisa in the breakaway state of somaliland , according to salaam somali bank 's abukar .
according to local media outlet somalilandsun , atm facilities were available in the city from march .
the engineer who was involved in sunday 's new york train derailment apparently " was nodding off and caught himself too late " before the accident that killed four people and injured 67 others , a union representative who has been meeting with the man told cnn on tuesday .
anthony bottalico , the union representative , said engineer william rockefeller jr. recognizes his responsibility in the incident .
" i think most people are leaning towards human error , " bottalico said .
in a brief conversation with investigators , rockefeller said that moments before the derailment of the hudson line train in the bronx he was " going along and i 'm in a daze .
asked by investigators what he was thinking when he said he was dazed , the engineer said he could n't say .
rockefeller spoke to metropolitan transportation authority and new york police detectives at the crash site before he was taken to the hospital sunday .
national transportation safety board member earl weener told a news conference that rockefeller would have had a chance to get the necessary sleep prior to his 5 a.m. shift the day of sunday 's accident , echoing comment from rockefeller 's lawyer .
according to ntsb representatives , results from alcohol breath tests for the train engineer were negative , and both the brake and signal systems in the deadly metro-north accident appeared to be working .
other toxicology results have not yet come back .
the trial of the five somali men opened in rotterdam district court and is expected to last five days , said wim de bruin , a spokesman for netherlands national prosecutor 's office .
the five were captured by the dutch navy in january 2009 in the gulf of aden , off somalia , after a cargo ship with dutch antilles flag was attacked , de bruin said .
" the ship of the pirates was destroyed by the danish navy , and the pirates were captured and handed to the dutch authority .
they 're being tried for sea robbery , and if convicted the maximum sentence will be 9 to 12 years , " he said .
prosecutors say abduwali abdukhadir muse led an attack on a u.s.-flagged vessel , the maersk alabama , off the coast of africa last year .
muse faces a maximum sentence of almost 34 years behind bars when he is sentenced october 19 .
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- the widower of actress brittany murphy , found dead in his home sunday night , was scheduled to undergo heart bypass surgery this summer , a spokesman for the actress ' mother said .
roger neal , a spokesman for murphy 's mother , sharon , said monjack delayed the heart surgery until after a fundraising gala for the brittany murphy foundation in september .
murphy , his wife of less than three years , died just five months ago .
sharon murphy found monjack unconscious in his bedroom and called the fire department , a family friend said .
an autopsy is scheduled to be conducted tuesday , according to the los angeles county coroner 's spokeswoman .
sharon murphy , who shared the house with monjack , " loved him like a son " and is devastated by his death , neal said .
it is the same hollywood hills home where brittany murphy lived .
murphy , 32 , died in december from a combination of pneumonia , an iron deficiency and multiple drug intoxication , a coroner said .
the drugs involved were legal and used to treat a respiratory infection , according to an autopsy .
the often bubbly , free-spirited actress appeared in films such as " clueless , " " 8 mile , " " do n't say a word " and " girl , interrupted . "
new york ( cnn ) -- just days before his death , the brooklyn , new york , middle-school student who died from an antibiotic-resistant staph infection had visited a hospital with skin lesions and was treated with allergy medicine , according to the family 's lawyer , paul weitz .
omar rivera , 12 , a new york seventh-grader , died of drug-resistant staph on october 14 .
he said the hospital treated him with benadryl , a common anti-allergy medicine .
" i can confirm the child was brought to the emergency room after midnight on friday , october 12 .
he was treated for non-mrsa-related conditions and was released , " said mason .
" we will be closely examining whether more could have been done to detect the infection at that time . "
mrsa is short for methicillin-resistant staphylococcus aureus , and is responsible for more deaths in the united states each year than aids , according to new data .
the germ resists all but the most powerful antibiotics .
omar , a seventh-grader at intermediate school 211 , was pronounced dead on october 14 at brookdale hospital .
twenty-five to 30 percent of the population carry the staph bacteria -- one of the most common causes of infection -- in their bodies , according to the centers for disease control and prevention .
while such infections are typically minor , invasive mrsa infections can become fatal , because they are caused by drug-resistant staph .
e-mail to a friend
new york ( cnn ) -- after spending nearly 28 years in an irreversible coma , heiress and socialite martha " sunny " von bulow died saturday in a new york nursing home , according to a family statement .
sunny von bulow is pictured during her 1957 wedding to prince alfred von auersperg .
von bulow was subject of one of the nation 's most sensational criminal cases during the 1980s .
her husband , claus , was accused of trying to kill her with an overdose of insulin , which prosecutors alleged sent her into the coma .
he was convicted of making two attempts on her life , but the conviction was overturned on appeal .
he was acquitted in a second trial .
his retrial in 1985 received national attention .
" we were blessed to have an extraordinarily loving and caring mother , " said the statement from von bulow 's three children -- annie laurie " ala " isham , alexander von auersperg and cosima pavoncelli -- released by a spokeswoman .
martha von bulow was born martha sharp crawford into a wealthy family .
she inherited a fortune conservatively estimated at $ 75 million , according to an article on the von bulow case posted on trutv.com 's crime library web site .
in her early years , she drew comparisons to actress grace kelly .
she became known as princess von auersperg with her first marriage , to prince alfred von auersperg of austria .
that marriage produced two children : alexander and annie laurie .
the von bulows married in 1966 and had a daughter , cosima .
reggie hilaire was a rookie cop on september 11 , 2001 .
he worked at ground zero for 11 days beside his colleagues -- many of them , including hilaire , not wearing a mask .
for about 60 days between 2001 and 2002 , the new york police officer was surrounded by dust .
he underwent surgery and radiation .
more than 1,100 people who worked or lived near the world trade center on 9/11 have been diagnosed with cancer , according to the centers for disease control and prevention .
a few months ago hilaire received a letter from the cdc 's national institute for occupational safety and health , officially offering him medical insurance under the world trade center health program .
about 1,140 people have been certified to receive cancer treatment under the wtc health program , a representative told cnn .
these are the first numbers released since the program was expanded a year ago .
in september 2012 , federal health authorities added 58 types of cancer to the list of covered illnesses for people who were exposed to toxins at the site of the world trade center in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks .
dr. john howard , administrator of the wtc health program , had said the year before that cancer treatments would not be covered by the compensation fund .
guy heinze jr. faces eight counts of first-degree murder in last month 's killings in a georgia mobile home .
guy heinze sr. , 46 , was granted the award by the mcintosh county , georgia , magistrate court in a suit over a mobile home that he owned , court officials said .
he had not received the money as the ruling was under appeal .
heinze was found dead august 29 in his brunswick mobile home along with six others .
an eighth person died later at a hospital .
police said all of the victims died from " blunt force trauma , " but they did not provide any further details .
heinze 's son , guy heinze jr. , 22 , faces eight counts of first-degree murder in the deaths .
police suspect he acted alone , according to a statement from the glynn county police department .
the younger heinze has made his initial court appearance via closed-circuit television from the glynn county detention center , his attorney , ron harrison , said tuesday .
his preliminary hearing likely will come next week , harrison said .
the elder heinze told relatives about the award days before his death , family members said .
court officials said the ruling was issued august 11 , and an appeal was filed six days later .
harrison said he was aware of the award in the lawsuit but would not comment on it .
police also are aware of it , glynn county police chief matt doering said , but he declined comment on whether it is being explored as a possible motive in the slayings .
watch hints of a possible motive »
philadelphia ( cnn ) -- the inspector of a downtown building that collapsed last week has killed himself , city officials said thursday .
although the probe into the collapse , which killed six people , is now a criminal investigation , wagenhoffer was not a target , gillison said .
" this man did nothing wrong , " he said .
" the department did what it was supposed to do under the code at the time . "
wagenhoffer was found inside a pickup truck in a wooded area along shawmont avenue in the roxborough section of philadelphia .
according to sources with knowledge of the investigation , wagenhoffer 's wife , michelle , alerted police after he sent her a text message .
he also is survived by a son .
he inspected the site alone , gillison said .
carlton williams , commissioner for licenses and inspections , described wagenhoffer as " dedicated " and a man who " loved his job . "
" we were all shocked .
he was an outstanding employee . "
city officials say there were no obvious signs wagenhoffer was distraught , adding that he worked wednesday , leaving shortly after 3 p.m. authorities charged crane operator sean benschop , 42 , with involuntary manslaughter and other related charges after a four-story wall of the vacant building collapsed onto an adjacent salvation army thrift store on june 5 , killing six people and injuring 13 .
( cnn ) -- a jury in kentucky friday night acquitted 17-year-old joshua young in the beating death of his stepbrother , trey zwicker , two years ago .
" trey zwicker was brutally murdered at age 14 ... because josh gouker is a control freak and because josh young wanted to impress him , " prosecutor elizabeth brown told the jury in jefferson county circuit court during friday 's closing arguments .
she said gouker was upset with zwicker 's mother after she aborted gouker 's unborn child , and he wanted revenge .
the tampering with evidence charge accused young of throwing away clothes and a bloody bat after the murder .
before deliberations began , brown told jurors not to feel sorry for the defendant because he 's young or because he had a bad father or a bad life .
" he was not coerced into doing this .
leslie smith , delivering the closing argument friday for the defense , turned the spotlight on gouker .
she called him a " jerk " without a conscience and described him as a master manipulator who killed zwicker alone .
they had been in nepal for a week trying to reach thorong la pass , 17,769 feet above sea level , when they were caught in a snowstorm , unable to make it to the nearest village .
avalanches roared down the mountain .
jeremy aerts and his girlfriend may wong pressed on : extreme hiking enthusiasts , they had committed to making it all the way through .
for some people , the idea of facing such obstacles -- especially voluntarily -- seems crazy .
and yet many in the extreme hiking community would n't have it any other way .
the new film " wild , " based on the memoir by cheryl strayed , chronicles a grueling solo hike along 1,100 miles of the pacific crest trail , on the border with mexico , after strayed 's divorce and the death of her mother .
the movie , which hits theaters friday , might encourage more travelers to try extreme hiking .
" at one point the wind was so strong it knocked me off my feet , " said aerts .
" it was one of the most beautiful places i 've ever had the chance to see , " he said .
atlanta , georgia ( cnn ) -- michele trobaugh regrets the day she heard a radio advertisement for dr. jan adams .
beverly hills plastic surgeon jan adams operated on the mother of rapper kanye west the day before she died .
eager to fix breasts that were n't the same size and a rash that occurred where her breasts rubbed against her stomach , trobaugh , then 28 , went to see adams in his office in huntington beach , california .
she says she trusted him right away .
" i fell for his charm .
i fell for his confidence , " she says .
but her surgery turned out to be a " nightmare , " she says .
trobaugh says that in march 2006 , adams gave her a breast augmentation , tummy tuck and liposuction -- all at one time .
" the next day i woke up fighting for every breath .
it was like an elephant was sitting on my chest , " she says .
" and when i got up to go the restroom i noticed the girdle i was wearing was soaked with fluid and blood .
for days i was soaking through blankets and towels . "
trobaugh says she had three infections .
she had a second surgery a few weeks later to remove fluid from her hips .
questions surrounding the death of another of adams ' patients , donda west , mother of rapper kanye west , have reignited trobaugh 's pain , she says .
asked to respond to trobaugh 's comments , adams issued a statement through his publicist , kevin williams .
unfortunately , it has become impossible to separate thsese statements from other professional issues .
i will await my turn . "
foday gallah saw the sick child was distressed and felt he had to do something .
" of course , he got vomit all over him and that 's how he got ebola , " said photographer jackie nickerson , who shot gallah 's image for time 's " person of the year " magazine cover , which honors those on the front line of the ebola epidemic .
they 're " the ones who answered the call , " the magazine said on its website wednesday morning .
nickerson expanded on why gallah was chosen for one of the magazine 's five covers : " he 's the shining example of what the right thing to do is .
he 's a shining example that we should all try to follow .
i do n't usually like to use the word hero , but i have to use it here . "
health workers are still battling more than 11,000 confirmed cases in guinea , liberia and sierra leone , and more than 6,000 suspected and probable cases loom , according to who .
though those countries mark the epicenter of the outbreak , isolated cases have spread wider , penetrating other african countries , europe and even the united states .
time magazine 's editors decided to honor the " unprecedented numbers " of doctors and nurses who responded when ebola overtook an already-weak public health infrastructure , and time editor nancy gibbs outlined how governments were ill-equipped to respond , who " was in denial and snarled in red tape " and first responders were accused of crying wolf as the disease spread .
last weekend " king leo " inspired barcelona to a seven-goal victory on the opening day of the spanish soccer season , but in his absence sunday the reigning champions battled to beat malaga 1-0 .
with the four-time world player of the year rested after suffering a bruised thigh in the midweek spanish super cup draw with atletico madrid , new coach gerardo martino stuck to his word and left $ 75 million signing neymar on the substitutes ' bench .
fabrice olinga scrambled a shot that rebounded to safety off the post , then sebastian fernandez headed straight at valdes when he should have equalized .
raul garcia scored in each half while diego costa , arda turan and tiago also netted in a perfect warm-up for wednesday 's trip to the nou camp for the second leg of the super cup .
matthew hoffman , 30 , is suspected of having abducted sarah maynard , who authorities discovered over the weekend .
she disappeared on wednesday along with her mother , brother and family friend .
sarah maynard 's mother , tina herrmann , 32 , remains missing , along with 10-year-old kody maynard and herrmann 's friend , 41-year-old stephanie sprang .
hoffman appeared in the mount vernon municipal court on tuesday via a video link with the local jail , according to pam fuller , a deputy clerk .
he is represented by a public defender .
he wore what looked to be a green vest , which the local sheriff later described as a suicide gown .
knox county sheriff david barber said hoffman was put in the gown after he gave indications to the jail staff and to investigators he could try to harm himself .
previously , barber has said he believes hoffman could " absolutely " lead police to the three missing people .
he is not cooperating with the investigation , officials said .
" the likelihood is , of course , that they are not alive , " barber said about herrmann , her son and sprang .
sarah maynard was released from the hospital monday .
barber described the girl as doing well under the circumstances .
" there 's so many people behind her that definitely that 's going to help with her emotional recovery .
( cnn ) -- obsession often brings joy and sorrow in equal measure .
welcome to the world of world cup sticker collecting .
" my girlfriend gave me an ultimatum the other day , her or the football stickers ?
shame really , i thought she was the one , " daniel blazer , a british collector , told cnn .
while most relationships survive the sticker phase , blazer is not alone in his infatuation with the shiny adhesives which smile back at those dreaming of the holy grail -- the full sticker album .
some are relentless in their pursuit of that holy grail , setting up spreadsheets and even calling in their spouse to increase the odds of successful swapping .
" my husband , stephen , is obsessed with his sticker album , " emma conway , who blogs under the name of brummymummyof2 , told cnn .
it does get annoying .
" every time i go near a shop i have to get my three-year-old daughter some stickers and then get some for my 31-year-old husband .
" he 's a fantastic dad to our two children but i think the opportunity to collect stickers reminds him and his friends of being kids .
" when i go to work , he gives me his swaps , and i swap them with my colleagues and then bring them back .
( cnn ) -- ms dhoni continued his winning streak after guiding the chennai super kings to a nail biting victory over kolkata knight riders in the opening clash of the indian premier league .
the seven week 20-over tournament offers yet more action for the cricket-loving indian public after dhoni led them to a world cup triumph on home soil less than a week ago .
and he masterminded an opening win in chennai as kolkata failed to record the four runs they need off the final delivery of the match to lose by two runs .
batting first , chennai made 153-4 off their 20 overs .
indian pair suresh raini and dhoni then added valuable runs at the end of the innings , finishing with 33 and 29 respectively , as the super kings posted a challenging total .
an opening stand of 64 between manvinder bisla and south african jacques kallis looked to have put kolkata in the driving seat but when kallis went for 54 their innings faltered .
english batsman eoin morgan was stumped for just six runs but manoj tiwary got kolkata back on track with a quick fire 27 runs , including two sixes , before he was stumped by dhoni off the bowling of randiv .
rajat bhatia was charged with hitting a boundary off the final ball to win but kolkata could only manage a leg bye .
( cnn ) -- it was the late 1960s and tom repasky was in a fog .
h. michael karshis owns thousands of albums but steely dan 's " ca n't buy a thrill " holds a special place in his heart .
" i was trying to discover who i was , what i was and what i was doing here , " he said .
in 1963 , at age 14 , repasky was on a field trip with his seminary when he and another student accidentally fell down a steep ledge while throwing rocks at upperclassmen .
a tree broke his friend 's fall , but repasky was not so lucky .
repasky awoke in the hospital , but says he was unable to remember even the smallest detail of his past .
" it was as if i did n't exist before that time , " he said .
this experience scarred him , to the point that he was asked to leave the seminary by the end of the year .
" i clearly was not the same person , " he said .
" after my near-death experience , there was this prolonged period of not being able to relate to reality very well . "
several years after his accident , repasky first heard the moody blues song " nights in white satin . "
" after i heard these lyrics , i thought , ' they know what i 'm feeling . ' "
repasky , who now lives in danville , pennsylvania , and is an artist , often goes back to this album .
" when i hear the music , it brings me to the point of realizing that i had experienced life and i could be alive , and it brings me great joy in knowing that . "
the part of " nights in white satin " where the words " i love you " are repeated always moves repasky , even 40 years later .
ireport.com : watch repasky tell his story
( cnn ) -- if you placed bets on rachel mcadams and taylor kitsch joining the cast of " true detective , " it 's time to collect your winnings .
hbo , which shares a parent company with cnn , announced in september that colin farrell and vince vaughn were going to be " true detective 's " season 2 leads .
its first season , which premiered earlier this year , focused on two detectives embroiled in a years-long hunt for a serial killer .
it was an immediate hit , and at the 2014 emmys " true detective " picked up 12 nominations .
that included two best lead actor in a drama nods for stars matthew mcconaughey and woody harrelson .
the second season still involves detective work , but this time around the story is set in california .
according to hbo , this season " three police officers and a career criminal must navigate a web of conspiracy in the aftermath of a murder . "
colin farrell plays a " compromised detective " named ray velcoro , " whose allegiances are torn between his masters in a corrupt police department and the mobster who owns him . "
vaughn stars as a criminal and entrepreneur named frank semyon , who 's " in danger of losing his empire when his move into legitimate enterprise is upended by the murder of a business partner . "
" sherlock holmes " actress kelly reilly will play the wife of vaughn 's character , and rachel mcadams will play a county sheriff named ani bezzerides , whose " uncompromising ethics put her at odds with others and the system she serves . "
( cnn ) -- a nationwide manhunt is on for a man who fatally shot one police officer and critically wounded a second in a shootout in tupelo , mississippi .
" do not confront this person , notify law enforcement , " urged fbi special agent daniel mcmullen , who added that the suspect should be considered armed and dangerous .
the incident began two states away from mississippi , in georgia , two days before christmas , when the man attempted -- but failed -- to rob an atlanta bank , the fbi said .
a few hours later and 300 miles west , in tupelo , mississippi , the same man robbed a bank .
that led to a shootout with police , during which the man fatally shot tupelo police officer gale stauffer and wounded another officer , the fbi said friday .
representatives of dozens of police agencies attended the funeral for stauffer on friday , tupelo police chief bart aguirre said saturday in a telephone interview .
" almost the entire city of tupelo lined the streets for the procession , " ireporter lee anne grace said saturday .
" i lost count after 205 police cars , 16 motorcycles . "
grace , a music teacher at an elementary school , said she realized she knew stauffer only after seeing his picture in a news story .
" whenever our crossing guard is out , the tupelo police sent someone to help out , " she said .
" he was usually the one . "
the eight-year veteran leaves a widow and children , ages 2 and 6 .
" to my knowledge , we have n't ever had a fatality , " aguirre said about his force , which includes 109 officers and two dozen civilian personnel .
( cnn ) -- " beware the fury of the patient man . "
-- john dryden in january , 1956 , egyptian president gamal abdel nasser was pledging to take over palestine .
in the united states , a " sensational new rca victor star , " just days away from cracking the music charts with his first hit , " heartbreak hotel , " was touring with hank snow and the stars of grand old opry .
norma jeane mortenson was preparing to change her name .
also that month , a fresh-faced u.s. senator gave richard nixon an autographed copy of his second book , " profiles in courage " .
in that best-seller , john f. kennedy applauded leaders with the courage to represent " the actual sentiments of the silent majority of their constituents in opposition to the screams of a vocal minority . "
that " silent majority " was a constituency neither nixon nor the country would forget : fifty-six years later , mitt romney is counting on it to win the presidency .
his appeal to the " silent majority " turned around his political fortunes , driving his approval ratings from the mid-50s to more than 80 % .
opinion : both parties have a huge race problem his pivotal speech contrasted a " vocal minority " of idealistic but impractical , young , anti-vietnam protestors , cultural elites and intellectuals with their stodgy parents , older , blue-collar , working-class americans .
until nixon drew the silent majority from the shadows , their simmering outrage at the left 's lack of respect for time-tested american values was undetected .
political historian teddy white characterized the split between " what the silent people think " and what the country 's " more important thinkers think . "
he wrote , " never have america 's leading cultural media , its university thinkers , its influence makers been more intrigued by experiment and change ; but in no election have the mute masses more completely separated themselves from such leadership and thinking . "
( cnn ) -- chris froome conquered mont ventoux at the tour de france to extend his overall lead with a week remaining in cycling 's most prestigious race .
in a fascinating battle sunday , team sky 's froome caught and then passed nairo quintana during the steep 13-mile climb to give him a four-minute cushion over his nearest rivals .
a spent froome had to be given oxygen when the 15th stage -- the longest of this year 's tour at 150 miles -- ended but he 'll get a chance to recover during monday 's day off .
on bastille day french hopes were dashed , as sylvain chavanel lost his lead to movistar 's quintana before the colombian faded and froome charged .
" i thought he 'd be less strong than he was , " quintana told the tour 's website .
froome has now won both stages with summit finishes .
" i did n't expect to win , " britain 's froome said after nearly six hours of racing .
" i wanted to get more of a buffer on the general classification but i did n't think i could go for the win .
he did a great ride and he showed how strong he is . "
" in the last ( 1.2 miles ) he was fading a little and i still had a little bit left , " said froome .
" i was just trying to say , ' man , come on just a little bit more , we 're almost there . '
but he was slipping behind .
( cnn ) -- who does n't love a good holiday-themed episode ?
before our favorite tv characters put their turkeys in the oven , decorate their christmas trees and light their menorahs , they 'll dress up in funny costumes and beg for candy ... or mercy .
kicking off prime time 's halloween celebration is abc family 's " pretty little liars , " which will air its second annual halloween special on tuesday at 8 p.m.
we ca n't wait to see how " a " will terrorize aria , hanna , emily and spencer aboard rosewood 's halloween ghost train .
here are some other special halloween episodes to look for : wednesday " modern family " : claire likes her halloween gory , but she 's forced to keep things pg this year .
speaking of parental guidance , lily probes mitch and cam to find out who her real mom is .
9:30 p.m. on abc " the neighbors " : the weavers get ready for their first halloween in the suburbs .
8:30 p.m. on abc " the middle " : the episode , appropriately titled " halloween iii : the driving , " follows sue as she injures axl while learning how to drive .
brick , meanwhile , eats too much candy .
she 's the fifth ceo in as many years at that struggling company .
monday 's announcement has caused ripples in the world of technology as people expressed surprise that mayer would leave google and that yahoo has landed such a charismatic leader .
here 's a quick guide to some of the most interesting and water-cooler-worthy facts about the 37-year-old .
and yes -- an 11-point list can successfully illuminate decades of a person 's personal and professional life .
of course it can . )
if we missed something fun , let us know in the comments .
she 's responsible for the clean look of google.com .
the minimalist home page , with plenty of white space and a single search bar in the center , is said to be the brainchild of mayer , who has overseen the launch and development of many of google 's iconic products .
" google has the functionality of a really complicated swiss army knife , but the home page is our way of approaching it closed .
it 's simple , it 's elegant , you can slip it in your pocket , but it 's got the great doodad when you need it , " she told fast company in 2005 .
" a lot of our competitors are like a swiss army knife open -- and that can be intimidating and occasionally harmful . "
she specializes in artificial intelligence .
mayer holds bachelor 's and master 's degrees from stanford university .
for both degrees , mayer focused on artificial intelligence , which has become a core area of focus for google , a company that has introduced autonomous cars and whose computers are trying to use equations to understand human speech .
how he and three other young people ended up shot dead inside a car on that same mountain is now a mystery before police and the small community of nearby crossville .
a passerby discovered the car with the four victims , including a young mother , parked along a country road near the renegade mountain community thursday morning .
rikki jacobsen , a 22-year-old mother of a young boy , was in the driver 's seat .
three of the victims were current or former students of the local school district .
only one man has been publicly linked to the killings : jacob allen bennett .
authorities said he was identified fairly quickly into the investigation and taken into custody around midnight thursday without incident on a parole violation in nearby rhea county .
randy york , the district attorney general whose territory includes the crime scene , told reporters friday that his office intends " in the very near future " to empanel a grand jury to consider charges against bennett related to the four killings .
" the citizens of cumberland county and crossville can rest assured that we have the person who committed the crimes in custody , that the community is safe , " said tennessee bureau of investigation director mark gwyn .
( cnn ) -- zlatan ibrahimovic produced a memorable performance after his four-goal salvo helped sweden defeat england in stockholm .
the swedish skipper had given his side a 20th minute lead before goals from manchester united 's danny welbeck and tottenham 's steven caulker gave england a half-time .
ibrahimovic arrival marks watershed moment for paris saint-germain but it was ibrahimovic who stole the show after the interval , with three strikes in the final 12 minutes .
after netting a 78th minute equaliser , ibrahimovic slammed home a rasping 30-yard free-kick before rounding off his night with a scarcely believable scissors kick .
it ruined the night for england captain steven gerrard , who had hoped to celebrate his 100th cap with victory .
" it was his night .
" for 70 minutes we were playing very well and we deserved to be in the lead , but we made changes and they took the initiative . "
( cnn ) -- eric " the actor " lynch , who became a celebrity among celebrities by calling in to howard stern 's radio show , died saturday , his manager said .
lynch , 39 , stood just 3 feet tall , but his reach was long thanks to the entertaining chemistry he developed with stern over a decade of phone calls .
â and not just us -- celebrities all over the world loved eric . "
his manager , johnny fratto , confirmed lynch 's death in a twitter posting sunday : " i am so sorry and so sad to inform everyone that my friend eric " the actor " lynch passed away yesterday afternoon !!! "
comedian wanda sykes was also a lynch fan .
she tweeted : " sad to hear about the passing of #erictheactor .
he was one of my favorite callers .
#byefornow " bravo tv host andy cohen initially tweeted that he was praying that word of lynch 's death was not true , but then : " seems like it 's true ... so rip eric the actor .
one of the great stern callers ever .
he was incredibly entertaining for many years .
:-( " comedian artie lange , who is well-known for his work on stern 's radio show , tweeted that lynch " truly did n't care what u thought of him .
jarratt , virginia ( cnn ) -- teresa lewis , called the mastermind in the murder-for-hire deaths of her husband and stepson , was executed thursday night , virginia department of corrections officials said .
lewis , who was given a lethal injection , was pronounced dead at 9:13 p.m. et at greensville correctional center in jarratt .
death penalty opponents argued that lewis , a 41-year-old grandmother , should not have died for a 2002 conspiracy that spared two triggermen a capital sentence .
lewis was the first woman executed in virginia in nearly a century .
the victims ' family members witnessed the execution , state department of corrections spokesman larry traylor said .
news media witnesses said lewis appeared frightened when she entered the death chamber and approached the gurney .
asked if she had last words , lewis said , " i just want kathy to know i love her .
and i am very sorry . "
the inmate was referring to her stepdaughter , witness kathy clifton , daughter of murder victim julian lewis and sister of victim c.j. lewis .
" she has no recriminations , she has no ill will for anybody , " lewis attorney jim rocap said .
" i think frankly that she had accepted what was going to happen tonight a long time ago , and she was very peaceful with that . "
the death row inmate pleaded guilty in the 2002 slayings of her husband and stepson in their rural home near danville , virginia , about 145 miles from richmond .
lewis , whom the state argued is evil , was the first woman executed in the united states in five years .
can a boss fire an employee he finds attractive because he and his wife , fairly or not , see her as a threat to their marriage ?
yes , the iowa supreme court ruled friday .
" the question we must answer is ... whether an employee who has not engaged in flirtatious conduct may be lawfully terminated simply because the boss views the employee as an irresistible attraction , " justice edward m. mansfield wrote for the all-male high court .
such firings may not be fair , but they do not constitute unlawful discrimination under the iowa civil rights act , the decision read , siding with a lower court .
" we are appalled by the court 's ruling and its failure to understand the nature of gender bias , " said paige fiedler , the attorney .
" for the seven men on the iowa supreme court not to ' get it ' is shocking and disheartening .
it underscores the need for judges on the bench to be diverse in terms of their gender , race and life experiences . "
read the court 's decision ( pdf ) the case concerns her client 's employment as a dental assistant .
toward the end of her employment , knight complained to nelson her clothing was tight and " distracting , " the decision read .
she denied her clothes were inappropriate .
at one point , knight told nelson that " if she saw his pants bulging , she would know her clothing was too revealing , " the decision read .
( cnn ) -- nasser al-attiyah has called time on the defense of his dakar rally title , pulling out of the 2012 race after problems with his car .
the qatari quit the annual race across south america after his temperamental hummer broke down on the ninth stage between antofagasta and iquique in chile .
al-attiyah has endured a litany of problems with his vehicle since the start of the race on new year 's day and threw in the towel after 174 km of the ninth stage having made three unscheduled stops .
gordon cuts peterhansel 's lead in stage eight the frenchman -- a six-time motorbike and three-time car champion in the dakar -- finished a minute and 38 seconds behind gordon , with spain 's nani roma third .
with four days remaining in the race gordon , a nascar veteran , trails peterhansel by nearly six minutes in the overall standings .
he said : " we had a couple of big scary moments .
for us , we 've got to make time .
we 're in a different position to him ( peterhansel ) .
he has to conserve his time and i 've got to make it .
" we 've got four days left , four real days of racing left and the hummer 's strong .
i ca n't believe he could catch us there , because we were going crazy .
so he 's a madman ; if he beats us , he 's a madman .
in the motorbike classification , cyril despres won stage nine to return to the top of the overall standings in his seesaw battle with spain 's mark como .
washington ( cnn ) -- ronald reagan , shot and wounded by john hinckley jr. , on march 30 , 1981 , was the ninth american president , in or out of office , to be the target of an assassination attempt since the civil war .
four presidents were killed .
will hinckley go free ?
1865 : abraham lincoln was murdered at ford 's theatre in washington by confederate sympathizer john wilkes booth , who was tracked down hiding on a virginia tobacco farm 12 days later and was shot to death trying to escape .
four co-conspirators , including a woman , were hanged three months later .
1881 : james garfield , only four months in office , was shot at a railway station in washington by disappointed office-seeker charles guiteau .
1901 : william mckinley was shot by anarchist leon czolgosz at the pan american exposition in buffalo , new york , and died eight days later .
czolgosz was convicted only nine days after mckinley 's death and was electrocuted the next month .
1912 : ex-president theodore roosevelt , who had succeeded mckinley in office , was making a campaign speech as the bull moose party nominee in milwaukee , wisconsin , when he was shot and wounded by a new york saloon keeper , john schrank , who was committed to a mental institution where he died 30 years later .
teddy roosevelt finished the speech and lived the rest of his life with the bullet still inside his body .
1933 : president-elect franklin d. roosevelt survived unscathed when five shots were fired by guiseppe zangara in miami , florida , but chicago mayor anton cermak , standing next to roosevelt , was killed .
zangara pleaded guilty and was electrocuted less than five weeks later .
his last words : " push the button . "
( cnn ) -- juan martin del potro blew away bernard tomic in under an hour to take the sydney international title on saturday ahead of the australian open which gets underway in melbourne on monday .
the big argentine unleashed all his immense power at the ken rosewall arena to slay reigning champion tomic 6-3 6-1 in just 53 minutes and could n't be in better shape heading into the first grand slam of the season .
read more : get all the latest tennis news with cnn 's open court " the finals never are easy , but i was surprised of my level tonight , " del potro said , atpworldtour.com reported .
" i think i played great .
my forehand worked perfectly ; i made a lot winners ; many aces ; i played good slices , " the 25-year-old added .
" i think bernard was a little frustrated after seeing me very focused on the match and hitting the ball so well .
he is still young in some moments of the match , but he has everything to win titles , and he will reach finals very , very soon . "
del potro , the 2009 u.s. open champion , is seeded fifth for melbourne and will face american rhyne williams , ranked 129th in the world , in his opening match .
tomic , meanwhile , goes from frying pan to fire with an opening match-up against world no. 1 rafa nadal -- a challenge , he says , he 's looking forward to .
read more : bernard tomic : tennis ' ' tainted ' talent ?
" going to be an amazing match for me on tuesday against rafa , " tomic said , atpworldtour.com reported .
" i 'm going to prepare as best i can .
it 's a tough ask .
obviously tonight i wanted to win this championship ; could n't do it .
juan played too good .
mariupol , ukraine ( cnn ) ukraine president petro poroshenko declared a ceasefire went into effect at midnight saturday local time ( 5 p.m. et ) between the ukrainian military and pro-russian militants in the nation 's east .
but an apparent violation was reported less than 90 minutes after the ceasefire began when ukraine 's anti-terrorist operation command reported that a military post near zolote in the luhansk region has been shelled by mortars .
as a positive sign , cnn reporters in ukraine reported the shelling quieted shortly after midnight .
the peace agreement signed in minsk , belarus , several days ago comes with many questions over how it will be implemented and whether it will stick .
mistrust is high on both sides , adding to the doubts .
the town of debaltseve , a strategically located railroad hub in the east , is shaping up as a crucial piece of the ceasefire .
in his speech announcing the ceasefire , poroshenko said ukrainian troops control the town and warned militants to stay away .
" i think the fact of using the tense situation on the outskirts of debaltseve by militants-terrorists-mercenaries poses a great threat , which can violate the ceasefire regime , " poroshenko said .
" i am warning all participants of the minsk negotiations , including the russian federation , which identifies itself as the guarantor of the reached agreements . "
cnn 's nick paton walsh , reporting from the eastern town of donetsk , said separatists claim to have encircled debaltseve .
" debaltseve will be a vital flashpoint for the hours ahead , " he said .
poroshenko has warned that if the separatists do not abide by the ceasefire , he will impose martial law throughout ukraine 's territory , his spokesman andrey zhigulin told cnn .
kiev , ukraine ( cnn ) -- ukraine and russia plan to approve a road map to improved trade relations on tuesday , ukrainian prime minister mykola azarov said sunday in a late-night interview on ukraine 's national broadcaster , inter tv .
the announcement comes just hours after a european union officer said the eu had halted work on a trade agreement with ukraine , after kiev failed to show " clear commitment " to signing the deal .
stefan fule , european commissioner for enlargement and european neighborhood policy , said earlier sunday on twitter that the words and deeds of ukrainian president viktor yanukovych and his government on the proposed pact were " further & further apart .
their arguments have no grounds in reality . "
last month , kiev spurned the agreement in favor of closer economic ties with moscow , and the prime minister 's sunday night interview revealed new details about that relationship .
azarov said that in addition to the trade relations deal , he hoped an agreement could be reached tuesday on gas commerce , which would hopefully provide a solution for ukraine 's unprofitable gas transportation system .
however , azarov rejected claims that ukraine is leaning toward joining russia and other former soviet republics in the customs union .
compatriot thomas aiken , who shot 70 , and england 's lee slattery , who raced up the field with a best-of-the-day 65 , are his nearest challengers .
he was paired with first round leader nicolas colsaerts of belgium , who crashed to a 76 to fall six shots off the pace .
home favorite ernie els , fellow three-time major winner padraig harrington of ireland and reigning british open champion darren clarke of northern ireland are eight shots off the blistering pace being set by grace .
meanwhile , colombia 's camilo villegas and david toms of the united stages led after the first round of the pga tour 's $ 5.6 million humana challenge in california .
villegas carded his nine-under 63 on the nicklaus private course and toms matched him at la quinta country club .
south korean rooke bae sang-moon was in the chasing group on 64 with ted potter , brandt snedeker and bob estes .
toms played with star attraction phil mickelson , who struggled to a two-over 74 after a triple-bogey seven at the par-four 14th , on the toughest of the three courses used for the tournament .
guardian centers may be a place to practice how to respond to a disaster , but that does n't mean real danger is nonexistent .
when we headed over to see its mock subway station , complete with eight cars donated from washington 's metro system , we were told we had a limited window to view it .
the reason -- they were going to be pumping actual toxic gas into the building to simulate a chemical attack .
as smoke rose from chunks of concrete representing an obliterated building , chris schaff put it this way : " as soon as you come in here , the pretend goes away . "
he 's a fire and rescue battalion chief with fairfax county , virginia , and his words carry a lot of weight .
his elite team of urban search and rescue operatives has been deployed to numerous disasters , including hurricane sandy , the 2011 japanese earthquake and tsunami , and the 2010 haiti quake .
luis fernandez , a two-decades-plus veteran of disaster response , agreed the perry , georgia , facility passes muster .
" the temperature extremes , the building extremes , the noises , the environment , are incredibly lifelike , " said fernandez , miami-dade fire rescue chief of staff and.a spokesman for the federal emergency management agency .
the brotherhood of disaster city from the aforementioned subway station , to a mock bridge with crushed cars , to a devastated structure made to look like the aftermath of the oklahoma city bombing , guardian centers ' 830-acre site is designed to allow a variety of responders to do a variety of drills in one location .
this kind of " doomsday disneyland " owes its vision to geoff burkart , a telecommunications executive who was in louisiana in the aftermath of hurricane katrina .
during katrina , he saw " what was being done there , and what was not being done . "
( cnn ) -- branden grace duly completed his front running victory at the dunhill links championships sunday after coming under last round pressure from denmark 's thorbjorn olesen at st andrews .
grace , winning for the fifth time in a superb 2012 , four coming on the european tour , ended two ahead of olesen after carding a final round 70 for a record 22-under total in the tournament .
" it feels awesome , " the south african told the official european tour website after a victory that has lifted him to third in the the race to dubai .
he has now targeted no. 1 rory mcilroy in the battle for the overall honors in europe .
grace , who is yet another graduate of the ernie els foundation , led from the first round at kingsbarns where he shot a stunning 12-under 60 .
but when olesen carded two straight birdies around the turn and grace three-putted the short 11th for a bogey , they were level .
but grace pulled away with a stunning hat-trick of birdies only interrupted by a bogey on the road hole 17th .
he still had a two-shot lead playing the last which they both birdied .
alexander noren of sweden finished third , four shots back , with joel sjoholm of sweden in fourth .
it cost him a two-shot penalty and he ended up running up a quadruple bogey to slip back into a tie for fifth .
( cnn ) thousands gathered in riyadh on friday to say farewell to saudi arabia 's king abdullah bin abdulaziz al saud , a cautious reformer who succeeded in securing broader freedoms in the conservative kingdom , but fell short in gaining greater independence for women .
to ensure a smooth transition , the kingdom quickly appointed his 79-year-old half-brother , salman bin abdulaziz , to the throne .
his half-brother prince muqrin , a decade younger , is the new crown prince .
after friday afternoon prayers at riyadh 's imam turki bin abdullah grand mosque , the body of abdullah , wrapped in a pale shroud , was carried from the mosque toward a cemetery , followed by a solemn procession of saudi men in traditional dress .
he was later laid to rest after a simple , swift ceremony .
those present at the graveside -- the royals closest to the late king -- were then to move on to a royal palace , where they were to pay their respects to the new monarch .
the ceremony of " al bayaah , " or pledging of allegiance to the new king , followed the funeral .
condolences and remembrances poured in from all corners of the globe .
" to god we belong and indeed to him we shall return , " said the homepage of the english-language saudi newspaper arab news .
the u.n. secretary-general praised abdullah for his arab peace initiative to end the arab-israeli conflict .
u.s. vice president joe biden said he would lead a delegation " in the coming days " to pay respects .
st. paul , minnesota ( cnn ) -- when max adrien first heard that a massive earthquake had leveled port-au-prince , haiti , it hit close to home .
" i said to myself , ' i need to go to haiti . ' "
after speaking to his brother , he realized that he would need a skill that was in immediate demand .
otherwise he would just be in the way of other relief efforts .
so he came up with a unique idea .
" i do n't think i can give haiti a better gift . "
and that 's how his haitian creole class was born .
" i 'm just giving something that has been given to me , " adrien said , referring to his native language .
his class is n't made up of the typical credit-craving college co-ed .
that 's mainly because the vast majority of students have long since finished college .
the class is free of charge and open to everyone .
the roster of students includes local doctors , nurses , physical therapists , social workers , lawyers and ministers .
all of them have either been to haiti or are planning volunteer trips soon .
" they appreciate when you try , " said donna richtsmeier , a retired nurse who travels to haiti to volunteer .
paula broadwell , a woman who was romantically involved with former cia director david petraeus , will not face federal charges of cyberstalking another woman friendly with petraeus .
the u.s. attorney 's office in tampa informed broadwell 's attorney robert muse of the decision in a brief letter dated december 14 .
muse told cnn he was " very pleased that the u.s. attorney 's office in tampa very promptly resolved this matter . "
a source close to broadwell said the letter had been received monday .
" she 's pleased with the prosecutor 's decision and glad it 's been resolved , " the source told cnn .
read more : after petraeus scandal , broadwell grapples with ' normal life ' petraeus resigned november 9 after revealing that he 'd been involved in an extramarital affair .
sources close to kelley said she had not been romantically involved with petraeus .
during the investigation the fbi obtained broadwell 's computer and discovered she had classified materials .
investigators also searched broadwell 's home in north carolina .
sources said the materials were technically classified but not highly sensitive .
still the fbi and justice department prosecutors have not resolved whether broadwell will face charges for having such materials in her personal possession .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- actress carmen zapata , whose most visible film role was as a choir nun in " sister act , " died sunday at her los angeles home .
she was 86 .
zapata 's star on the hollywood walk of fame honors her six decades of work on the stage , which began in new york in 1946 .
her death from heart problems was confirmed by a representative at the bilingual foundation of the arts in los angeles , which zapata co-founded in 1973 .
she was " an accomplished actress , translator , theater producer , and community leader who was knighted by king juan carlos of spain , " according to her biography on the group 's website .
zapata , a mexican-american born in new york , founded the theater group to promote bilingual stage productions .
the goal was to " instill cultural pride to spanish-speaking audiences , and serve as an introduction to the rich and eloquent history of the diverse hispanic culture to english-speaking audiences , " the website said .
she was 19 when she made her broadway debut as a member of the chorus in " oklahoma . "
she initially performed under the stage name marge cameron at a time when discrimination against hispanic actors was more common .
in 1971 , she was hired for a recurring role on " the new dick van dyke show . "
other shows that decade in which she appears in multiple episodes include " adam-12 , " " love , american style , " " marcus welby , m.d. , " " medical center " and " the streets of san francisco . "
she often played different characters in the same series , according to imdb.com .
( cnn ) -- barcelona moved five points clear in spain as manager pep guardiola celebrated his 100th match in charge with a 4-0 victory at home to racing santander on saturday .
the injury-hit defending champions brushed off the pre-match loss of star striker zlatan ibrahimovic to romp into a 3-0 halftime lead as they put pressure on real madrid to win sunday 's home match against villarreal .
the swede is in doubt for tuesday 's champions league trip to german club stuttgart due to a swollen ankle .
midfielder andres iniesta took advantage of some slack defending to pounce for his first goal this season in the seventh minute , hooking home a left-foot effort after the ball ran loose in his 300th outing for the club .
france striker thierry henry , handed a rare start due to ibrahimovic 's absence , netted a free-kick in the 29th minute after driving a shot through the defensive wall for his first goal this year .
center-back rafael marquez marked his return from suspension with a similar effort nine minute later as he curled a set-piece over the wall and in off the post .
captain carles puyol had to go off with a facial injury but is expected to face stuttgart in the first leg of the last-16 tie .
it was guardiola 's 71st victory since taking charge of the catalan giants , and 14th-placed racing never looked like inflicting his 11th defeat -- the 10th came against atletico madrid last weekend , barca 's first in la liga this season .
( cnn ) -- by all accounts , it was a storybook wedding .
except these were n't your run-of-the-mill fairytale nuptials .
" i knew i did n't want a white dress , as it was really important to me to feel like myself at the wedding -- and i never wear white , " she said .
" i 'm a pale-skinned redhead , and any shade of white makes me look dead . "
scutts is one of many brides choosing to walk down the aisle in a nontraditional colorful dress .
biel certainly is n't the first celebrity to color outside the bridal lines : reese witherspoon graced the cover of people magazine in april 2011 wearing a blush monique lhuillier gown for her second marriage ; sarah jessica parker famously wore black on her wedding day with matthew broderick ; and sofia coppola married thomas mars in august 2011 in a violet azzedine alaã ¯ a dress .
" brides today want their wedding to be a reflection of their personality -- they 're no longer embracing tradition for tradition 's sake , " said nicole sewall , the managing director of bhldn , anthropologie 's bridal and special occasion brand .
jennifer rosoff went outside on her balcony around 12:50 a.m. thursday to talk and smoke a cigarette with her date when the balcony 's railing broke , according to police .
she landed on a second-story construction scaffolding of the building and was pronounced dead at the scene , police said .
rosoff 's employer , online advertising startup triplelift , released a statement expressing sorrow at the news of her death .
" we are all deeply saddened by the sudden and tragic loss of our dear friend and co-worker , " the statement said .
" her tremendous energy and humor brought so much joy to the office . "
" this is a tragedy , and our sincere condolences go out to the family and friends of ms. rosoff , " he said .
" we are cooperating fully with the investigation into the cause of this terrible accident . "
a statement provided to cnn from the new york city department of buildings said the agency is investigating and issued a vacate order for all balconies in the building as a precaution .
according to her linkedin profile , rosoff worked as director of sales at triplelift for the past five months and had previously held positions at the new yorker , conde nast and cosmopolitan magazine .
washington ( cnn ) -- there are political upstarts , rebels with and without a cause , and then there 's ted cruz .
the first-term republican senator from texas has achieved the rare notoriety of having almost everyone in washington mad at him , at least for now .
his legislative maneuverings led to last year 's 16-day government shutdown , and he almost single-handedly scuttled this week 's congressional approval of a year-long debt ceiling extension that denies fiscal conservatives a key negotiating tool until after the november elections .
democrats dislike cruz for his right-wing social and economic policies such as vehement opposition to gay marriage and president barack obama 's signature health care reforms .
cruz 's republican colleagues , especially those in the senate , are angry because he forces them to choose between conservative purity and political pragmatism , a particularly tough spot in an election year .
to cruz , a tea-party favorite who arrived in washington just over a year ago , it 's all about telling the truth -- as he sees it .
election-year logic explains gop dysfunction cruz : politicians are lying to the people washington politicians -- including fellow republicans -- do n't want to be honest with america about their unwillingness to tackle tough issues like the rising federal debt , cruz said thursday in an interview with conservative talk radio host mark levin .
" people do n't like to be lied to , " he said to explain historically low approval ratings for congress , adding that forcing republican politicians to tell the truth " makes their head explode . "
others , including fellow legislators , say cruz puts his personal agenda of galvanizing a right-wing political movement ahead of what 's best for his party as a whole as it tries to reclaim control of the senate and retain its house majority in november .
istanbul ( cnn ) -- one of the world 's most powerful muslim preachers lives behind a gated compound in the small , leafy town of saylorsburg , pennsylvania .
the reclusive turkish cleric 's name is fethullah gulen .
if you believe the turkish government , supporters of this cleric in pennsylvania are spearheading a coup attempt in turkey that is destabilizing one of america 's most important allies in the middle east .
in recent weeks , turkish prime minister recep tayyip erdogan , a religious conservative , has compared gulen and his supporters to a virus and a medieval cult of assassins .
meanwhile , in an interview with cnn , a top official from erdogan 's ruling justice and development party , or akp , called the gulen movement a " fifth column " that had infiltrated the turkish police force and judiciary .
" we are confronted by a structure that does n't take orders from within the chain of command of the state , " parliament member and deputy akp chairman mahir unal told cnn .
" rather , it takes orders from outside the state . "
but in a rare e-mail interview published in the wall street journal on tuesday , gulen denied any involvement in a political conspiracy .
" we will never be a part of any plot against those who are governing our country , " he wrote , according to the wall street journal .
tiffany hartley told authorities her husband david was shot and killed by pirates on falcon lake during a sightseeing trip last week .
his body has yet to be found , leading to questions about the accuracy of her account .
but hartley told hln 's " issues with jane velez-mitchell " on thursday that " i know what i know . "
" it 's hard being judged and thought of that i might have done something to him , " she said .
and other than that , it almost does n't really matter to me , because i know what happened that day . "
mexican authorities said earlier this week that they could not verify the shooting , and hartley was asked point-blank on nbc 's " today " show wednesday whether she had anything to do with her husband 's disappearance .
pam hartley , david hartley 's mother , said tuesday that any suggestion that her daughter-in-law 's account was inaccurate is " insane . "
investigators have found some evidence that backs up hartley 's account , including blood on her life vest , zapata county , texas , sheriff sigifredo gonzalez jr. said thursday .
and the incident was similar to other attacks reported by boaters on falcon lake , about 70 miles west of the hartley 's home in mcallen .
gonzalez has said the gunmen are typically teenagers hired by a drug cartel in the neighboring mexican state of tamaulipas .
mexican authorities have said the lake is controlled on their side by " organized criminals , " and the sheriff called on the zeta cartel to turn over hartley 's remains if they have them .
( cnn ) -- arvind mahankali , a 13-year-old eighth-grader from bayside hills , new york , won the scripps national spelling bee on thursday , correctly spelling the word " knaidel . "
" it means that i am retiring on a good note , " said mahankali , who attends nathaniel hawthorne middle school 74 and was in his last year of eligibility .
mahankali , who wants to become a physicist , had finished third in the two previous national bees , being eliminated after misspelling words with german roots .
" i thought that the german curse had turned into a german blessing , " he said , when asked what he thought when he heard the final word , a german-derived yiddish word for a type of dumpling .
pranav sivakumar , a 13-year-old from tower lakes , illinois , finished second .
he missed on " cyanophycean " before mahankali nailed " tokonoma " and " knaidel " for the victory .
the annual contest offers the winner a healthy dose of classroom cred , $ 32,500 in cash and savings bonds , a trophy and a library of reference materials .
contest is n't bee-all and end-all eleven million schoolchildren participated in preliminaries leading up to the national contest this week .
of those , 281 children made the trip to oxon hill , maryland , just outside washington , for the national bee .
eleven spellers made it through to the finals .
among them were 63 children who had been to at least one national bee before , and had to prepare for some changes in the rules for this year 's events .
for the first time , participants had to demonstrate proficiency in vocabulary in addition to spelling .
( cnn ) -- the height of luxury -- or a vulgar monstrosity ?
to its owner , this 15-meter , lamborghini-inspired speedboat is the apex of nautical engineering .
a sleek , innovative , gutsy vessel worthy of its $ 1.1 million price tag .
but others disagree .
when gino gargiulo turned up at the miami boat show with his banana-yellow beauties in tow -- the boat and the $ 750,000 car it resembles -- a small crowd quickly gathered around .
" this is the best boat you can buy -- it 's the lamborghini of boats , " says the 48-year-old automobile and restaurant mogul from miami , florida .
" the response we 've had ... letters , emails .
if you do a google search today there are 14,000 pages on it already -- and the boat 's never even been in the water . "
to quentin willson , former presenter of bbc tv show " top gear , " the lamborghini boat is a tasteless display of wealth that screams : " i 'm rich and bored . "
willson quickly moves into fourth gear with his analysis .
" and that 's really sad .
anybody who 's got that amount of money that they need to go and commission a special boat to keep them entertained -- i think it 's nuts , " he says .
" the key with these people is they want to be different , and they want to be separate , and they want to be distinctive -- and that impulse throws good taste , and reason , and rationale out the window . "
london ( cnn ) -- so , after a mere half-century , german pharmaceutical firm gruenenthal has decided to apologize for the devastating effects its drug , thalidomide , had on thousands of babies and their families around the world , myself included .
is this a reason to celebrate ?
is it even a reason for cautious optimism , or is it simply a piece of news management designed to salvage what is left of its corporate reputation ?
gruenenthal 's chief executive , harald stock , made the apology friday as he inaugurated a memorial to those affected in stolberg , germany , where the company is based .
together with others , i 've been campaigning for justice for the global thalidomide community for the past decade .
at one point herr stock , who replaced sebastian wirtz as head of gruenenthal , agreed to a meeting .
we held preliminary discussions , however the process broke down acrimoniously before we ever got to meet herr stock after it became clear to all of us that the company had no intention of negotiating a lasting settlement -- one that would have kept them out of the headlines forever and which would have left the wirtz family with its considerable fortune intact .
personal account : a life shaped by bad medicine so why the apology now ?
i think it is not unconnected with successful litigation in australia that has resulted in a multi-million dollar settlement for a hitherto unrecognized thalidomide survivor , lynette rowe .
the writing was spray-painted on the wall for mr stock and the board of gruenenthal .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- you could call it " the year of the rear " at the 2014 mtv video music awards , although last year 's chief twerker chose a higher path .
while nicki minaj and her collaborators paid tribute to their assets with song and dance , miley cyrus stood offstage and watched as a young homeless man accepted her best music video award .
these might have been the most memorable moments of the night if not for beyonce and her daughter , blue ivy , stealing the show .
beyonce and blue ivy steal the show .
beyonce 's 2-year-old daughter gave her own performance while sitting in her father 's lap and watching her mother onstage sunday .
blue ivy 's facial expressions and hand gestures suggested she inherited the music gene .
blue ivy applauded her mommy as daddy jay z carried her onstage at the end of beyonce 's 16-minute performance .
jay z handed his wife the mtv michael jackson vanguard award while declaring that she was " the greatest living entertainer . "
" i 'm so full , " beyonce said , as the audience began chanting .
" i have nothing to say , but i 'm filled with so much gratitude . "
katy perry tweeted : " omg blue ivy just personally waved at me .
my life is over . "
miley cyrus is the adult in the room .
a year after she set tongues wagging with a provocative dance with a teddy bear , cyrus was more like mother teresa when her " wrecking ball " video was named as the best of 2014 .
she stopped short of the stage , instead sending a young man who identified himself as jesse to accept the moon man trophy on " behalf of the 1.6 million runaways and homeless youths in the united states who are starving , lost and scared for their lives right now . "
( cnn ) -- dr. jack kevorkian , the michigan pathologist who put assisted suicide on the world 's medical ethics stage , died early friday , according to a spokesman with beaumont hospital in royal oak , michigan .
he was 83 .
he had struggled with kidney problems for years and had checked into a hospital earlier this month for similar problems , his lawyer , mayer morganroth , said .
he checked back into the hospital in the detroit suburb on may 18 after suffering a relapse , morganroth said .
kevorkian , dubbed " dr. death , " made national headlines as a supporter of physician-assisted suicide and " right-to-die " legislation .
he was charged with murder numerous times through the 1990s for helping terminally ill patients take their own lives .
he was paroled in 2007 .
morganroth told cnn friday that he was summoned to the hospital thursday night , with doctors telling him " the end was near " for kevorkian .
they played music by kevorkian 's favorite composer -- bach -- in his room , and kevorkian died about 2:30 a.m. , morganroth said .
attorney geoffrey fieger , who was kervorkian 's lawyer on several assisted-suicide cases , described kevorkian as a " historic man . "
" this reassurance is necessary against the backdrop of the theft of some direct data capture machines at the lagos airport , " said kayode robert idowu , a commission spokesman in a press statement .
the equipment , meant for registering voters for the upcoming election in nigeria , is comprised of laptops and webcams .
it was stolen from a clearing point at the murtala muhammed international airport , said idowu .
the equipment was the first consignment ordered to help register voters for the 2011 elections .
president goodluck jonathan , who became president after the death of umaru yar ' adua earlier this year , is running for election to the office .
atiku abubakar is the consensus candidate put forward by a bloc of leaders from nigeria 's influential northern political leaders forum , which announced in september that it would name someone to take on jonathan in the presidential primaries for the people 's democratic party .
( cnn ) -- for the second time in six months , henrique capriles radonski will be in an electoral fight for the presidency of venezuela .
his opponent is different this time , but the stakes may be even higher : what course will the south american country chart after the death of hugo chavez ?
in october , capriles proved to be the strongest challenger the opposition ever fielded against chavez , yet he still he lost to the charismatic leader by double-digits .
on sunday , capriles will be in a contest against nicolas maduro , the interim president and the man chavez picked as his successor .
q&a : venezuela 's presidential election at age 40 , he has been a mayor , a parliament leader , and a governor of a major state who has been given a second chance to win the presidency .
" i want a united country .
i want venezuelans to join together ( and ) work together with a single goal . "
the most important issue , he says , is to tackle poverty .
generous social programs are a foundation of the government that chavez headed , and capriles has that he will not do away with them .
but he has promised to end the large subsidies that venezuela provides to chavez allies .
an attorney , capriles was elected to parliament in 1998 , when venezuela had a bicameral legislature .
he was just 25 years old at the time , but he quickly advanced to become the president of the chamber of deputies and then president of the entire parliament .
beijing , china ( cnn ) -- a court in eastern china sentenced a man to death saturday for attacking 29 kindergarten students and three teachers with a knife , state-run media said .
the taixing intermediate people 's court found xu yuyuan , 47 , guilty of intentional homicide after a half-day trial , xinhua news agency said .
xu told the court that his rage against society motivated him in the april 29 attacks , according to xinhua .
a police probe found xu had been unemployed since 2001 , when he was fired by a local insurance company .
he told police he carried out the attack because he was angry about a series of business and personal humiliations , xinhua said .
about 300 people attended saturday 's open trial , according to xinhua .
authorities said zheng carried out the attack because he was frustrated at " failures in his romantic life , " the news agency said .
at least four other such attacks on school children in china have been reported since march .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- a young , female suicide bomber was behind a blast in pakistan that killed at least 46 people and injured 105 others at a food distribution point , an official said sunday .
the pakistani taliban claimed responsibility for saturday 's blast in that asian nation 's tribal region .
azam tariq , the central spokesman for the pakistani taliban , told cnn in a phone call that it targeted people who had formed what he called a pro-government and anti-taliban group .
the blast took place about 600 meters from a u.n. world food programme distribution point at a security checkpoint in khar , according to amjad jamal , a spokesman for the agency .
he said that more than 300 people were going through a security screening to get food and other items at the time of the explosion .
khar is the headquarters of bajaur agency , one of the seven districts of pakistan 's tribal region bordering afghanistan .
jamal said that those who had been internally displaced during military efforts in bajaur agency get a month 's supply of food and other goods .
afridi said that the suicide bomber was in a burqa , a traditional full-body covering worn by some muslim women .
he said she was stopped for a security check at a checkpoint , where she detonated herself .
boston ( cnn ) -- dzhokhar tsarnaev , the surviving suspect in the boston marathon bombings , lies in a hospital with a gunshot wound to the side of his neck , sedated and intubated , sources say .
but he could be brought out of sedation in minutes so he could answer questions from law enforcement officials , doctors tell cnn .
what we know about the suspects under normal circumstances , doctors use these holidays , which last anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours , so they can ask patients questions to assess neurological and cognitive functioning .
the patients ca n't talk , since they have a tube down their throats , but they can write .
while many patients are groggy during these holidays , others are quite awake and thoughtful .
tsarnaev , who has been hospitalized since his capture on friday , has been communicating with officials , two sources told cnn .
dr. corey siegel , a gastroenterologist and professor at dartmouth-hitchcock medical center , remembers visiting his grandmother in the intensive care unit while she was intubated and sedated .
a republican tide ripped the senate away from democrats tuesday , giving the gop full control of congress and the power to pin down president barack obama during his last two years in office .
now , it 's democrats who will take the back seat on capitol hill , relying mostly on the power of the filibuster to stymie republicans and keep obama 's legacy intact .
" for too long , this administration has tried to tell the american people what is good for them and then blame somebody else when their policies did n't work out , " mitch mcconnell , who is expected to become the next senate majority leader , said in a victory speech .
in the house , cnn projected the gop will have at least 246 seats , its largest majority since world war ii .
speaker john boehner , celebrating a widened majority , said he is " humbled by the responsibility the american people have placed with us . "
" it 's time for government to start getting results and implementing solutions to the challenges facing our country , starting with our still-struggling economy .
senate majority leader harry reid , who has controlled the senate since 2007 , congratulated republicans on their victory .
" the message from voters is clear : they want us to work together , " reid said .
" i look forward to working with senator mcconnell to get things done for the middle class . "
( cnn ) -- it was the moment the world had been waiting for , and as he has so often in his glittering career , lionel messi delivered .
after a frantic opening to the world cup in brazil with entertainment and goals aplenty , one of its gold-plated stars announced his arrival in style .
a trademark slaloming run from the barcelona striker ended in the fashion soccer fans have become well accustomed to -- with the net rippling .
in truth , argentina were far from their best against the world cup debutantes bosnia and herzegovina despite going 1-0 up thanks to the quickest goal at the world cup to date .
sead kolasinac was the unwitting scorer , diverting the ball into his own net after a messi free kick was glanced on by marcos rojo .
alejandro sabella 's men could n't build on that early lead though as bosnia and herzegovina held their own until the interval .
argentina 's lead was doubled on 65 minutes thanks to a piece of magic from their talisman .
messi swapped passes with gonzalo higuaã­n and sidestepped two challenges before firing home off the inside of the post via a slight deflection .
his vigorous celebration perhaps showed the pressure he was under to perform , as the endless comparisons to argentina 's other world famous player -- diego maradona -- go on .
( cnn ) -- the connecticut senate on thursday voted to repeal the death penalty , setting the stage for connecticut to join several states that have recently abolished capital punishment .
in the last five years , new jersey , new mexico , new york and illinois have repealed the death penalty .
california voters will decide the issue in november .
the bill now goes to the house of representatives , where it is also expected to pass .
gov. dannel malloy , a democrat , has vowed to sign the measure into law should it reach his desk , his office said .
" for everyone , it 's a vote of conscience , " said senate president donald williams jr. , a democrat who says he 's long supported a repeal .
" we have a majority of legislators in connecticut in favor of this so that the energies of our criminal justice system can be focused in a more appropriate manner . "
capital punishment has existed in connecticut since its colonial days .
but the state was forced to review its death penalty laws beginning in 1972 when a supreme court decision required greater consistency in its application .
a moratorium was then imposed until a 1976 court decision upheld the constitutionality of capital punishment .
since then , connecticut juries have handed down 15 death sentences .
of those , only one person has actually been executed , according to the death penalty information center , a nonpartisan group that studies death penalty laws .
michael ross , a convicted serial killer , was put to death by lethal injection in 2005 after giving up his appeals .
( cnn ) -- when did conservatives become prisoners to idiotic vulgarity ?
i ask that question as someone who self-defines as conservative and who is sick and tired of being embarrassed by ted nugent .
last month the aged rocker called president barack obama a " subhuman mongrel " in an interview with guns.com .
that was bad enough , but what was just as shocking was the willingness of texas gop gubernatorial nominee greg abbott to keep him aboard his campaign .
rick perry and ted cruz also failed to rule out appearing with him .
only rand paul took to twitter to demand an apology , which nugent eventually gave .
maybe what he says appeals to some people , those for whom good manners are a bourgeois affectation and correct spelling the preserve of harvard pointy-heads .
nugent insists comments not racist , promises to stop ' calling people names ' either way , what is disturbing is that some serious republican politicians think that he matters and are happy to count him among their endorsements -- as though selling records and getting angry make him a spokesman for the masses .
animal from the muppets also speaks his mind , but we 've yet to see him headlining a rally for chris christie .
conservatism is the rejection of ideology in favor of common sense and anger in favor of cool rationalism .
( cnn ) -- authorities have made a second arrest related to a series of arsons in the coatesville , pennsylvania , area , the chester county arson task force said late thursday .
roger leon barlow is one of two people arrested in suspected arsons around coatesville , pennsylvania .
mark gilliam , 20 , of west chester , pennsylvania , was arrested thursday on a federal charge of attempted arson in the town of thorndale on january 25 , authorities said .
gilliam was arrested at his residence without incident , according to the task force .
roger leon barlow , 19 , of downingtown , pennsylvania , was arraigned thursday afternoon on charges that he is responsible for several of the 23 suspected arsons in and around coatesville since january 1 , said chester county district attorney joseph carroll .
watch authorities announce his arrest » he is charged with " arson and related offenses " in connection with at least nine of the fires .
among them was a spree that destroyed 15 homes in late january , his bail was set at $ 9 million .
special agent mark porter of the multi-agency task force that has been investigating the fires said the group is still investigating the other blazes and will " continue our efforts until everyone is brought to justice ... and we can bring some sense of peace to the city . "
dilkhayot kasimov was added to a superseding indictment in which three previously arrested men -- abdurasul hasanovich juraboev , akhror saidakhmetov , and abror habibov -- were charged with two counts of providing support to a foreign terrorist organization .
those three have pleaded not guilty .
it is unclear if kasimov has been arrested .
saidakhmetov has also been charged with travel document fraud after telling authorities he intended to travel for entertainment purposes , according to the indictment .
the names : who has been recruited to isis from the west habibov is a 30-year-old uzbekistani citizen , who police say " helped organize and finance " the operation .
he was arrested in jacksonville , florida .
court documents say habibov operates mall kiosks that sell kitchenware and repair mobile phones .
saidakhmetov , 19 , lives in brooklyn with juraboev , his roommate .
they are permanent residents of the united states .
court documents say saidakhmetov , a citizen of kazakhstan , worked at habibov 's mall kiosks in three different states in the fall and winter of 2014 .
" when i found out that jamey rodemeyer killed himself -- i felt deeply troubled , " quinto posted .
" but when i found out that jamey rodemeyer had made an ' it gets better ' video only months before taking his own life -- i felt indescribable despair .
" i also made an ' it gets better ' video last year in the wake of the senseless and tragic gay teen suicides that were sweeping the nation at the time , " quinto wrote .
" but in light of jamey 's death , it became clear to me in an instant that living a gay life without publicly acknowledging it is simply not enough to make any significant contribution to the immense work that lies ahead on the road to complete equality . "
rodemeyer was found dead september 18 outside his parents ' home in buffalo , new york .
his parents said he had experienced years of bullying over his sexual orientation .
his suicide has attracted the attention of such stars as lady gaga , who dedicated a song to him at a recent concert .
the " it gets better " campaign is aimed at gay , lesbian , bisexual or transgendered youth who may experience bullying .
" our society needs to recognize the unstoppable momentum toward unequivocal civil equality for every gay , lesbian , bisexual and transgendered citizen of this country , " quinto said .
" gay kids need to stop killing themselves because they are made to feel worthless by cruel and relentless bullying .
parents need to teach their children principles of respect and acceptance .
tehran , iran ( cnn ) -- one of iran 's biggest soccer stars has been kicked off his team for refusing to fast during the holy month of ramadan , the team 's website reported .
the club also accused karimi , 31 , of insulting iranian football federation officials .
according to iran 's semi-official isna news agency , karimi denied any wrongdoing of that he had insulted iran 's football federation .
karimi -- dubbed the ' maradona of asia ' and the ' wizard of tehran ' -- is one of the most recognizable faces in iranian sports .
karimi grew into a pivotal attacker for iran 's national team , becoming the second most capped player in the sides ' history and scoring 36 goals in 112 appearances .
national law in iran states that all muslims are required to observe fasting during the holy month of ramadan which started on thursday .
( cnn ) -- a new jersey police officer plead not guilty on friday , a day after he was arrested and charged with setting fire to the house of an edison police captain and his family .
michael a. dotro was arrested on thursday at his home in manalapan , new jersey , after an investigation by the middlesex county prosecutor 's office and the monroe township police department .
police , emt personnel and firefighters were called to the two-story , colonial-style home of police capt. mark anderko shortly before 4 a.m. on may 20 .
anderko was in the house with his wife , two children and 92-year old mother .
the fire was extinguished within 10 to 15 minutes and there were no injuries , but the house was damaged .
" the investigators described it as considerable , one part of the house had damage on the first and second floor of the home , " said jim o'neil , spokesman for the middlesex county prosecutor 's office .
dotro , 35 , was charged with five counts of attempted murder and one count of aggravated arson , authorities said .
a nine-year veteran of the edison police department , he was suspended from his job with pay .
dotro 's lawyer , lawrence bitterman , said that his client is " in shock " and had told bitterman that " he ca n't believe he 's being arrested . "
superior court judge bradley ferencz on friday upheld previously set bail conditions on friday , which included a $ 5 million bail .
if the bail is posted , dotro must surrender his firearms and passport and may not have any contact with the victims .
( cnn ) -- mohamed morsi is an american-educated engineer who vows to stand for democracy , women 's rights , and peaceful relations with israel if he wins the egyptian presidency .
he 's also an islamist figure who has argued for barring women from the egyptian presidency and called israeli leaders " vampires " and " killers . "
as morsi , 60 , battles to win the presidency , questions surround how much of a hard line he would take , and what direction he would steer the country .
morsi leads the freedom and justice party , the political wing of the muslim brotherhood -- the most powerful political movement in the new egyptian government , controlling about half of parliament .
at one point he spent seven months in jail .
analysts say morsi is focusing his campaign on appealing to the broadest possible audience .
" a vote for mohamed morsi will consolidate the brotherhood 's political influence , which could translate into a constitution with weaker provisions for protection of minority and women 's rights . "
a slogan associated with his campaign , " islam is the solution , " is sparking concerns morsi could introduce a fundamentalist islamic theocracy .
his party seeks " an executive branch that represents the people 's true will and implements their public interests , " morsi told cnn 's christiane amanpour .
( cnn ) -- early this year , michael sam made news by announcing he is gay .
on saturday , he made history as the first openly gay player to be drafted by a national football league team .
seconds later , he made waves kissing his boyfriend in celebration as cameras looked on .
" i 'm determined to be great , " he told reporters tuesday in st. louis .
" so i 'm going to train hard and try to make the team . "
as a selection in the seventh and last round in the nfl draft , sam playing for the rams or any other nfl team this upcoming season is hardly a lock .
and with standouts like chris long and kendall langford , the fact that st. louis boasts one of the league 's best defensive lines -- the place where sam starred at the university of missouri -- makes his task even harder .
that challenge is n't lost on sam , who some experts thought might not fit in the nfl not because of his sexual orientation but because they characterized him as a " tweener " -- too small to play on the defensive line , too slow to be a linebacker .
still , he sees the chance to learn from his rams coaches and teammates things that can help improve his game .
and he seemed careful tuesday not to get too far ahead of himself , expressing thanks for being given " the opportunity to play " but professing no certainty that he will be on the sidelines come opening day .
miami , florida ( cnn ) -- nba superstar lebron james arrived in the miami area friday , the morning after he spurned the cleveland cavaliers for the miami heat .
the heat announced it has sold out its " currently available " season ticket inventory .
wade led the heat to the 2006 nba championship and has agreed to re-sign with miami and bosh was a standout with the toronto raptors .
wade said bosh 's decision made it easy for him and james to choose their destinations .
" when chris bosh said he wanted to be down here in miami , i think that opened up the floodgates for all of us to say , ' you know what ?
wade said .
" we 're going to be a really good team , " james said .
james , who joined the cavaliers straight out of high school and played forward for the team for his entire career , announced his decision during a much-ballyhooed espn special thursday entitled " the decision . "
cairo ( cnn ) -- outside egypt 's top court in cairo , protest leader hussein abdel rahman wears a sash around his collared shirt emblazoned with a zucchini .
the judiciary , he says , has transformed into what the green vegetable means in colloquial language : corruption , nepotism , favoritism .
and the presidential election this weekend , once hailed as egypt 's big step toward democracy , is now satirized in an online mock-up of a video game pitting a bare-chested ahmed shafik , the last prime minister under ousted president hosni mubarak , against the bearded mohamed morsi of the muslim brotherhood .
the runoff vote is taking place after the supreme constitutional court declared the parliament invalid and triggered renewed chaos over the country 's leadership .
the ruling dealt a blow to the muslim brotherhood , which dominated parliament , and was victory for supporters of shafik , the focus of protesters ' derision for his ties to the deposed dictator .
rankled revolutionaries felt left out in the cold on a hot june day .
the dissolution of parliament gives the supreme council of the armed forces , or scaf , full legislative and executive power alongside , it appears , a friendly judiciary .
" scaf has been suppressing our protests , suppressing the youth movements on the ground , " said wisam mohamed .
ahmed maher , a founder of the april 6 youth movement , which played a prominent role in last year 's tahrir square uprising , called the ruling " provocative . "
( cnn ) -- a june trial has been set for a detroit-area man who said he accidentally shot and killed a 19-year-old woman he thought was breaking into his home .
theodore paul wafer , 54 , pleaded not guilty at his arraignment wednesday to second-degree murder charges in connection with the november 2 , 2013 shooting of renisha mcbride .
the trial was set for june 2 .
last month , district court judge david turfe said there was enough probable cause for wafer to stand trial in connection with the shooting .
" defendant came to the door with the shotgun , " turfe said , according to cnn michigan affiliate wxyz .
it suggests to this court , the defendant made a bad choice . "
a friend of mcbride told the court that she and the victim had been playing a drinking game with vodka and smoking marijuana the night of the shooting .
mcbride was unarmed and there was no evidence of a break-in , so wafer -- who authorities say shot mcbride from behind a closed , locked screen door -- can not lawfully claim he needed to shoot her to stop an imminent threat of death or great bodily harm , wayne county prosecutor kym worthy told reporters in november .
washington ( cnn ) -- it should come to no surprise that jim messina , one of the masterminds behind president obama 's successful presidential campaigns , is ready for hillary clinton in 2016 , but he also has a few republicans he hopes will throw their hats in the ring .
in an interview with ozy 's ceo carlos watson , messina jokes that he 's " really rooting hard " for tea party favorite sarah palin , before pledging his support behind sens. rand paul and ted cruz .
the full interview will publish on ozy.com on wednesday .
as the co-chairman of priorities usa action , a super pac already anticipating hillary clinton 's run , messina said a clinton and cruz race would be a " wonderful gift " for him .
get ready : 2016 starts now when asked about rand paul 's chances of securing the republican nomination , messina thought it was a far cry from reality .
" i think if you look at his statements and you look at his record he would be the most right wing candidate that any major party has nominated ... he is that far off the spectrum , " he said .
" i think his chances of winning swing votes in battleground states are my chances of being the starting quarterback of the denver broncos . "
( cnn ) -- as a young freedom fighter , nelson mandela stepped out of a farmhouse hideout in south africa , took 20 strides and dug a hole on the sprawling land .
he leaned over , put in a semiautomatic pistol and 200 rounds of ammunition , and carefully put a khaki uniform over them .
after covering them with heaps of soil , he sauntered back into his rural hideout in northern johannesburg -- hoping to retrieve them soon .
he never got a chance to fire a shot with the makarov pistol .
a few weeks after he buried it at the farm in rivonia , he was hurled into prison for the next 27 years .
that was in 1962 , and the whereabouts of the gun -- now estimated at $ 3 million -- remain a mystery , said nicholas wolpe , the chief executive of liliesleaf farm , the former hideout now converted into a museum .
a scramble to find the gun has sparked a frenzy among collectors , historians and mandela fans .
' it 's interesting how we came to find out about the gun , " wolpe said .
" mandela visited liliesleaf in 2003 , and as we were walking around , he turned to me and asked , ' by the way , did you find my gun ? "
wolpe said he was stunned .
" i turned to him and said , ' gun , what gun ? ' "
mandela then asked him to pinpoint where the main kitchen once stood .
" he then made a 45-degree angle and said , '20 paces from here , i buried a gun , ' " wolpe said .
during the visit , the two tried to retrace his steps using the paces as a guide , but the farm had undergone some changes , making it hard to determine the original location of the kitchen with certainty .
( cnn ) -- he may be a long way from the football field , but pele at least is back to talking and getting better at a sao paulo , brazil , hospital .
the city 's albert einstein hospital issued a statement saturday saying the football legend -- born edson arantes do nascimento -- was improving but still in intensive care battling an illness .
pele is lucid , talking and responding to antibiotics , the hospital said .
he remains on temporary dialysis , which was a reason he was moved to the icu in the first place , because the machine he needed was there .
earlier this week , the 74-year-old was admitted to the medical facility -- the same place he recently underwent surgery to remove kidney stones -- for a urinary tract infection .
the athletic icon had one kidney removed during this days as a player , his aide , jose fornos rodrigues , told cnn .
pele tweeted thursday that he was looking forward to spending the holidays with family and starting " the new year with renewed health , with many international trips planned . "
" i am blessed to receive your love and support , " pele said , " and thank god this is nothing serious . "
known as " the black pearl " and simply " the king , " pele is one of the best known names in all of sports .
he burst onto the scene as a teenager , helping lead his native brazil to the 1958 world cup championship .
pele went on to star on two other world cup title teams as well , in 1962 and 1970 , in addition to a breakthrough career with the brazilian club santos and later with the new york cosmos of the now-defunct north american soccer league .
( cnn ) -- serena williams was forced to pull out of the madrid open with a thigh injury ahead of her quarter final tie with petra kvitova friday .
the withdrawal will come as a blow to the world no. 1 's preparations for the french open with the year 's second major beginning in two weeks ' time .
williams had been playing with heavy strapping all week , although confirmed she hopes to be able to take part in the italian open in rome next week .
" i have a left thigh injury and , unfortunately , have to withdraw from this year 's madrid open , " williams told the wta website .
" i am planning to play in rome .
williams has won the title in madrid for the last two years and used the event as a springboard to take the french open crown at roland garros last may .
we could n't ask for a better tournament and i love it here in madrid .
i love being a champion here . "
elsewhere in the women 's draw , maria sharapova overcame world no. 2 li na 2-6 , 7-6 ( 7/5 ) 6-3 to reach the semifinals where she will face poland 's agnieszka radwanska who defeated surprise package caroline garcia 6-4 , 4-6 , 6-4 .
williams ' withdrawal means the second semifinal will pit kvitova against no. 4 seed simona halep who trumped the in-form ana ivanovic 6-2 , 6-2 .
( cnn ) -- floyd mayweather jr. has said he is ready to make the big-money fight with newly crowned wbo welterweight world champion manny pacquiao happen .
reacting to the proposition the undefeated 32-year-old , who formerly held the wbc title at welterweight , told british broadcaster sky sports : " if he wants to fight floyd mayweather all he has to do is step up to the plate . "
the twice-voted ring magazine fighter of the year added that he felt pacquiao 's approach was one-dimensional but the filipino would be a favorite with the crowd .
" the thing is with pacquaio i do n't see any versatility as a fighter ; he 's a good puncher but just one-dimensional .
is pacquiao the greatest ?
" the world 's going to go ' wow ' if floyd mayweather gets beaten .
that 's what everyone is looking to see .
" if i beat manny pacquaio do you know what they are going to say ?
if i knock him out they 'll say ' you 're supposed to knock him out he 's been knocked out before ' .
" i 'm in a no-win situation and when i beat him no one is going to be surprised because he 's been beaten before ; whatever i do to pacquaio has been done before - he 's been beaten on three occasions .
and if i knock him out i do n't want the world shouting because he 's been knocked out twice before . "
( cnn ) -- pour yourself a cold martini , make sure it 's extra dry , put some classic jazz on the stereo , a mournful saxophone is a must , and settle in with one of the best-reviewed novels of the year , " rules of civility . "
written by first-time novelist amor towles , a principal at a manhattan investment firm , the book has shot up the best-seller charts and is drawing rave reviews from critics .
it 's a nostalgic love letter to new york of the late '30s , a novel of manners with lofty aspirations that evokes some of the classics of american literature .
the story unfolds largely in flashback , set on new year 's eve in manhattan 1937 .
the jazz age is over , the depression in its final days , world war ii just over the horizon .
katey is the narrator and the wry heart of this novel .
brooklyn-born , the daughter of immigrant laborers , she works in a wall street secretarial pool though aspires to much more .
alongside a supporting cast with waspy nicknames like dicky , bitsy and peaches , katey navigates her way through manhattan jazz clubs and long island cocktail parties and into the upper echelons of new york society .
the novel takes its title from young george washington 's " rules of civility & decent behavior in company and conversation " ; you 'll find all 110 of them in the novel 's appendix .
a sort of how to win friends and influence people 150 years ahead of its time . "
( cnn ) -- serena williams came from a set down against maria sharapova to win the miami masters for a record sixth time on saturday .
after a slow start , the world no. 1 sprang into life in stunning fashion , winning the last 10 games of the match to eventually prevail 4-6 6-3 6-0 .
williams ' win -- the 48th of her career -- means she surpasses the previous all-time title mark that she jointly held with germany 's steffi graf .
" maria definitely pushed me -- she did a really great job today , " williams said , wtatennis.com reported .
" i look forward to our next matches -- it 's going to be really fun for the fans and for us and for everyone . "
williams joins martina navratilova , steffi graf and chris evert as only the fourth player ever to win any wta event six times .
defeat for sharapova means she has now finished runner-up for three successive years in miami and five times in all .
" it 's disappointing to end it like this but serena played a great match , and i 'm sure we 'll play a few more times this year , " sharapova said , wtatennis.com reported .
( cnn ) -- a cnn hero 's journey to global recognition begins with a nomination by someone who 's been touched by their efforts -- someone like you who wants us to share their story with the world .
history has shown that great things can happen to those selected as cnn heroes :  andrea ivory has nearly doubled the amount of free mammograms she 's offered to underserved women in south florida .
 doc hendley , of boone , north carolina , expanded his sustainable clean-water systems on three continents as well as earthquake-ravaged haiti .
 dan wallrath , of houston , texas , and his organization , operation finally home , doubled the number of homes they 've built for injured veterans .
 anne mahlum expanded her philadelphia running program for the homeless into eight cities across the country .
do you know an everyday person changing the world ?
here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting your nomination .
 think about what makes your hero special .
ask yourself : what makes my nominee unique ?
what impact has their work had on others ?
we encourage you to watch videos of previous cnn heroes to familiarize yourself with the achievements of the inspiring individuals we honor as " everyday people changing the world . "
 take a look at our nomination form .
we suggest you review the information requested about yourself , your nominee and their work before filling out your submission .
madrid , spain -- atletico madrid recovered from their painful recent defeat by barcelona to crush european rivals real zaragoza 4-0 in the primera liga on sunday .
luis garcia celebrates his first atletico madrid goal in their superb 4-0 victory over real zaragoza .
luis garcia 's first goal for the club , a double from argentine maxi rodriguez and a diego forlan strike clinched a comfortable win as atletico moved up to sixth in the table .
it was also sweet revenge for atletico as zaragoza beat them home and away last season to beat them to sixth place and the final uefa cup spot .
atletico went ahead in the 10th minute when forlan picked out a precise pass for garcia who made no mistake with a calm side-footed finish .
forlan then got on the scoresheet himself with a first-time lob on 34 minutes for his third goal of the season , before rodriguez stole the show with two more goals .
getafe registered their first win of the season with a 2-0 victory over murcia .
elsewhere last season 's second division champions valladolid continue to struggle in the top flight , crashing to a 2-1 defeat against athletic bilbao .
e-mail to a friend
jerusalem ( cnn ) -- the world knows her as the daring nanny who , clutching a 2-year-old boy , pushed past the havoc in a terrorized mumbai and risked her life to keep the toddler safe .
sandra samuel bravely saved the life of moshe holtzberg , 2 , but says she sees no heroism in her actions .
but sandra samuel sees no heroism in her actions amid last week 's terror attacks on india 's financial capital that killed nearly 180 people -- including baby moshe 's parents , rabbi gavriel holtzberg and his wife , rivka .
she only wishes she could have done more .
" even today , i am thinking i should have sent the baby and done something for the rabbi and his wife , " samuel told cnn in an exclusive television interview in israel , where she now lives .
samuel and moshe were among the few to make it out of the chabad house alive after gunmen stormed the jewish center , killing the holtzbergs and four others .
he is being looked after by members of the community , although who will serve as his guardian has not yet been established .
" i saw one man was shooting at me -- he shot at me . "
watch cnn 's paula hancocks talk with samuel » she slammed a door and hid in a first-floor storage room and attempted to reach the rabbi and the others on the second floor .
( cnn ) -- a body discovered at churchill downs on sunday , a day after the storied louisville racetrack hosted the kentucky derby , may have been the victim of a homicide , police said .
workers in the barn area discovered the body early in the morning and notified track security , which called police , said robert biven , a spokesman for the louisville metropolitan police department .
" we just got the call just prior to 5 a.m. to respond to the backside " of the racetrack , biven told cnn .
police spokeswoman alicia smiley said police suspect foul play .
the body , which has not been identified , appears to be a latino man in his 30s or 40s , biven said .
" so we are trying to speak with as many people as we possibly can , " he said .
" we do have a few leads coming in . "
an autopsy is to be carried out monday morning .
biven described the track 's backside as " like a mini city , " with 48 barns , workers ' dormitories and areas where trainers live .
" it 's a 24-hour operation , " he said .
i 'll have another wins kentucky derby operations at the racetrack were to continue normally on sunday , churchill downs spokesman john asher said .
no races are scheduled at the track for three days , but cleanup from saturday 's race was to continue and the racetrack museum was to be open , he said .
( cnn ) -- patti labelle has agreed to pay $ 100,000 to settle a complaint that she verbally and physically assaulted a mother and her 18-month-old daughter in a manhattan apartment lobby two years ago , the mother 's lawyer said wednesday .
the agreement ends a lawsuit that accused the singer of " yelling , screaming obscenities , throwing water and drenching with water , attempting to strike and physically injure " roseanna monk and her child , genevieve , in the lobby of trump place on manhattan 's upper west side on november 11 , 2010 .
labelle , her lawyer and representative did not immediately respond to cnn requests for comment on the settlement filed in a federal court in new york .
a jury trial had been scheduled for late november , but u.s. district judge john koeltl signed an order dismissing the case at the request of each side wednesday morning .
read more entertainment news on cnn 's marquee blog monk 's lawyer , samuel davis , told cnn wednesday that it " took a bunch of depositions " before labelle " recognized that she was going to have to face the music . "
the singer apparently was upset because she thought the child was wandering around the lobby unattended , davis said .
" labelle besieged them with such ferocity , before she doused them with water , that the baby was crying hysterically , " davis said .
davis called the incident violent and traumatic .
" the baby went from crying hysterically to vomiting , " he said .
washington ( cnn ) -- high-profile diplomatic incidents involving president ronald reagan and top world leaders were publicized for the first time saturday after historian william doyle got the white house to release the tapes .
from discussing troop withdrawals with israeli prime minister menachem begin to discussing tense hostage negotiations with pakistani president muhammad zia-ul-haq , reagan recorded dozens of calls he made from the white house situation room .
the audio recordings were first published in the new york post in a story saturday .
the recordings became public after doyle said he asked for them via a freedom of information act request -- in 1996 .
begin faced heavy political pressure during the lebanese conflict and would resign just months after his call with reagan .
in a conversation with pakistan 's zia-ul-haq , reagan discusses the sensitive nature of hostage negotiations after a trans world airlines flight from cairo was hijacked by radical islamists .
sunny von bulow is pictured during her 1957 wedding to prince alfred von auersperg .
von bulow was subject of one of the nation 's most sensational criminal cases during the 1980s .
he was convicted of making two attempts on her life , but the conviction was overturned on appeal .
he was acquitted in a second trial .
his retrial in 1985 received national attention .
" we were blessed to have an extraordinarily loving and caring mother , " said the statement from von bulow 's three children -- annie laurie " ala " isham , alexander von auersperg and cosima pavoncelli -- released by a spokeswoman .
" she was especially devoted to her many friends and family members . "
she inherited a fortune conservatively estimated at $ 75 million , according to an article on the von bulow case posted on trutv.com 's crime library web site .
in her early years , she drew comparisons to actress grace kelly .
she became known as princess von auersperg with her first marriage , to prince alfred von auersperg of austria .
that marriage produced two children : alexander and annie laurie .
the von bulows married in 1966 and had a daughter , cosima .
the world no. 2 triumphed 7-6 6-2 6-3 over the 12th seed as he goes in search of the 11th grand slam title in his illustrious career .
standing between nadal and a seventh paris final is another spaniard , david ferrer , after the no. 6 seed beat britain 's andy murray 6-4 6-7 6-3 6-2 .
the former world no. 1 has lost only once at the french open since making his debut as an 18-year-old in 2005 .
he is yet to lose a set in this year 's tournament .
" it was a tough one , but i am through and i am very happy , " nadal told the atp tour 's official website .
" you can not expect to win an easy match in the quarterfinals of a grand slam .
on his semi-final against ferrer , nadal added : " we played each other a lot of times .
his game bothers everybody because he 's one of the best players in the world on every surface -- on clay especially .
" he 's a complete player .
it 's very difficult to play against him , because his movement is probably the best in the world and he 's able to hit the ball very early a lot of the time . "
should nadal secure his seventh title he will go one better than legendary swede bjorn borg , who has six .
he will also match bjorg 's record of 11 career grand slam titles .
moscow ( cnn ) -- the bolshoi ballet says the allegations swirling around one of its dancers -- that he choreographed an attack to blind the artistic director -- are " absurd . "
even an alleged confession in the case does nothing to convince the cast and crew that pavel dmitrichenko could be behind the attack that severely burned and nearly blinded sergei filin , the bolshoi employees said in an open letter wednesday .
the group called for an independent commission to probe the attack .
moscow police struck back , saying its " investigators do their job honestly . "
ballet ' villain ' arrested : story in 4 acts the plot laid out by authorities pits dmitrichenko as the central villain , lashing out against filin -- a man who often cast dmitrichencko as the villain in productions .
what neither side disputes : someone threw sulfuric acid into filin 's face in january as he entered his moscow apartment .
police say dmitrichenko had two co-conspirators , one of whom threw the acid .
local newspapers had quoted ballet members as saying dmitrichenko was angry because he thought filin was stifling the career of anzhelina vorontsova -- dmitrichenko 's girlfriend .
the north carolina detective who shot and killed a mentally ill teenager has been indicted by a grand jury on one count of voluntary manslaughter , the brunswick county district attorney 's office said in a news release .
a judge set bail monday night at $ 50,000 .
" it was a ' bad shoot . '
cnn affiliate wect reported that an attorney for vassey indicated he planned to issue a statement on tuesday or wednesday .
last month , vassey , through his lawyer w. james payne , claimed to cnn that he feared one of the other responding officers was in danger .
keith vidal , 18 , was killed january 5 at his family 's home in the eastern north carolina town of boiling springs lakes .
three law enforcement officers from three different agencies answered a 911 call asking for police to help in dealing with a schizophrenic man armed with a screwdriver and asking to fight his mother .
family members said the first two were able to calm the situation , but things quickly devolved after vassey arrived .
within a few minutes , vidal was dead .
none of the officers was injured in the incident .
cnn first learned of the shooting through an ireport sent by a family friend .
( cnn ) -- novak djokovic wasted little time in breezing through to the second round of the french open with a straight sets victory over dutchman thiemo de bakker in paris monday .
djokovic 's overall winning run , taking in the end of last season , extends to 40 and if he claims the french open title he will tie guillermo villas for the all-time record of 46 .
the serbian took just one hour 32 minutes to claim a 6-2 6-1 6-3 victory on the philipe chartrier court at roland garros , breaking his young opponent at will with another commanding display .
djokovic will face either french wild card benoit paire or romania 's victor hanescu for a place in the last 32 .
" it 's my favorite grand slam , even though i have n't won it yet , " djokovic told gathered reporters .
" i 've been playing really well on clay .
i 've won three tournaments ( on clay ) in the last few weeks , so i 'm trying to build on that confidence , " he added .
djokovic won the opening grand slam of the season in australia and has claimed six other titles , including four masters events .
roger federer joined djokovic in the second round after he dispatched spaniard feliciano lopez with a 6-3 6-4 7-6 victory in the next match on the main court .
ian mclagan , a fun-loving keyboardist who played on records by such artists as the rolling stones , lucinda williams , bruce springsteen and his own bands -- the small faces and its successor , the faces -- died wednesday , according to a statement from his record label , yep roc records .
he was 69 .
kenney jones , the faces ' drummer who later joined the who , expressed his sadness in the statement .
" i am completely devastated by this shocking news and i know this goes for ronnie ( wood ) and rod ( stewart ) also . "
the rock and roll hall of famer 's resume was varied and eclectic , his soulful and often joyous organ fills heard on such albums as the stones ' " some girls , " lucinda williams ' " car wheels on a gravel road " and john mayer 's " battle studies . "
his death comes on the heels of that of another stones sideman , saxophone player bobby keys , who died tuesday .
the latter band was particularly known for its good-time habits , like demolishing hotel rooms in classic rock 'n' roll fashion .
" you could n't go from one town to another and not walk into the identical room in every town , " he explained to cnn in a 2004 interview .
" so we hurt them . "
the small faces were heroes of britain 's youth and had a great deal of success there , though just one of their songs , 1967 's " itchycoo park , " cracked the top 10 in the united states .
when lead singer steve marriott left the band in 1969 , the height-challenged group reformed around the much taller rod stewart and ron wood and dropped the " small " from its name .
new york ( cnn ) -- a 35-year-old woman on a first date plummeted to her death early thursday morning when she fell from the balcony of her 17th floor new york city apartment .
jennifer rosoff went outside on her balcony around 12:50 a.m. thursday to talk and smoke a cigarette with her date when the balcony 's railing broke , according to police .
she landed on a second-story construction scaffolding of the building and was pronounced dead at the scene , police said .
rosoff 's employer , online advertising startup triplelift , released a statement expressing sorrow at the news of her death .
" her tremendous energy and humor brought so much joy to the office . "
richard dansereau , managing director of stonehenge management llc , the company that manages the building , also released a statement .
" we are cooperating fully with the investigation into the cause of this terrible accident . "
according to her linkedin profile , rosoff worked as director of sales at triplelift for the past five months and had previously held positions at the new yorker , conde nast and cosmopolitan magazine .
( cnn ) -- who 'd be a referee ?
when the crowd are n't getting on your back you 've got the players acting up or giving you an earful .
so if someone described your refereeing as " the best , " you could be forgiven for feeling a small surge of pride .
but when the person praising you has been called the world 's most notorious match fixer , then it 's time to show yourself a red card .
wilson raj perumal says he corrupted many football players and officials during a long criminal career , but there is one person who stands out from the crowd .
his name was ibrahim chaibou , a referee from niger .
" he was the best , he was the best , but not from fifa 's point of view , " perumal told cnn during a wide-ranging television interview about his match-fixing days .
perfect partner the singaporean , who is now helping european police with match-fixing investigations , claims to have rigged the results of up to 100 matches over a 20-year period , boasting of a 70-80 % success rate .
according to perumal , the referee 's first match fix was an international friendly between south africa and guatemala in may 2010 -- one of several warm-up matches played ahead of the 2010 world cup which the rainbow nation hosted .
watching highlights of the game on youtube , perumal gives a running commentary on the major incidents .
the quality of the footage is poor , but the fixer knows what happened .
so ill he could not move , wolfgang amadeus mozart supposedly sang parts of his final masterpiece , " requiem , " from his deathbed .
two centuries later , the exact cause of the austrian composer 's premature death , in december 1791 at age 35 , is still a mystery .
this portrait by painter johann georg edlinger , showed mozart not long before his mysterious death in 1791 .
it 's known that his entire body was so swollen he could n't turn over in bed ; some say jealous rivals poisoned him , while others suggest scarlet fever , tuberculosis , or lethal trichinosis from undercooked pork .
health.com : ca n't stop coughing ?
8 causes of chronic cough dr. richard h.c. zegers of the university of amsterdam and his colleagues analyzed data from vienna 's death registry .
researchers had not previously analyzed the daily death registry -- begun in handwritten script in 1607 and maintained until 1920 -- for clues to mozart 's death .
zegers and his team looked at information for 5,011 adults who died during three consecutive winters starting in 1790 , as well as eyewitness accounts of mozart 's death , according to the study published this week in annals of internal medicine .
" by looking at the patterns of death during mozart 's time and combining them with the signs and symptoms of his final disease , we have not one but two pillars on which our theory is built , " said zegers .
" although we ca n't be 100 percent conclusive , i 'm convinced that we have come very near the exact reason he died . "
atlanta , georgia ( cnn ) -- eric hahn thought his financial situation was set after he was approved for a private student loan with an 8 percent interest rate to supplement his federal education loans .
eric hahn , 21 , estimates he will be in debt for the next five to seven years for his undergraduate tuition .
just a few weeks later , hahn , 21 , was forced to cash in his savings and investments so he could make his rent and tuition after finding out that the lender , myrichuncle.com , had suspended its private student loan program .
" due to continued disruptions in the capital markets , combined with the continued demand we have experienced this year , we are reaching funding capacity limits , " a message on his cell phone said , mimicking a statement on the company 's web site .
the sudden news left hahn , a senior-year finance major , scrambling to find additional funding after maxing out his borrowing options from the federal government .
eventually , the country 's leading student loan provider , sallie mae , approved him for a private loan at 12 percent .
after he graduates , hahn estimates it will take him anywhere from five to seven years to repay about $ 30,000 he will have borrowed by then .
" money is n't cheap , " said hahn , who transferred to georgia state university in atlanta from the university of connecticut last year because the tuition was less expensive .
in doing so , hahn and others like him are getting a crash course in market volatility and its effects on the consumer 's ability to find money .
watch how the current economic troubles affect consumers »
siri is n't welcome on big blue 's networks .
the reason ?
and the story of what really happens to all of your siri-launched searches , e-mail messages and inappropriate jokes is a bit of a black box .
ibm cio jeanette horan told mit 's technology review this week that her company has banned siri outright because , according to the magazine , " the company worries that the spoken queries might be stored somewhere . "
it turns out that horan is right to worry .
how long does apple store all of this stuff , and who gets a look at it ?
well , the company does n't actually say .
again , from the user agreement : " by using siri or dictation , you agree and consent to apple 's and its subsidiaries ' and agents ' transmission , collection , maintenance , processing , and use of this information , including your voice input and user data , to provide and improve siri , dictation , and other apple products and services . "
he was 86 .
" i had the pleasure and honour to be his agent for the last 18 months and have never encountered a man with more spirit , passion and love for his craft , " philip young said in a statement .
" at this time our thoughts are with his family . '
murphy had been cast in the role of ser denys mallister , the oldest member of the night 's watch on hbo 's hit series .
the belfast telegraph reported that the actor died just four days after filming his first scenes on " game of thrones . "
" we will not be recasting j.j. murphy. , " their statement said .
according to a biography provided by his agent , the actor 's work was well known in northern ireland where " game of thrones " films .
he was active in the actors trade union and his work in support of irish actors won him an honorary lifetime membership with the former british actors ' equity association .
he also sponsored an orphanage in romania .
jennifer rosoff went outside on her balcony around 12:50 a.m. thursday to talk and smoke a cigarette with her date when the balcony 's railing broke , according to police .
it 's unclear whether rosoff leaned on the balcony , causing it to give way .
she landed on a second-story construction scaffolding of the building and was pronounced dead at the scene , police said .
rosoff 's employer , online advertising startup triplelift , released a statement expressing sorrow at the news of her death .
" we are all deeply saddened by the sudden and tragic loss of our dear friend and co-worker , " the statement said .
" her tremendous energy and humor brought so much joy to the office . "
richard dansereau , managing director of stonehenge management llc , the company that manages the building , also released a statement .
" this is a tragedy , and our sincere condolences go out to the family and friends of ms. rosoff , " he said .
" we are cooperating fully with the investigation into the cause of this terrible accident . "
a statement provided to cnn from the new york city department of buildings said the agency is investigating and issued a vacate order for all balconies in the building as a precaution .
according to her linkedin profile , rosoff worked as director of sales at triplelift for the past five months and had previously held positions at the new yorker , conde nast and cosmopolitan magazine .
( cnn ) -- iggy azalea would love it if everyone channeled " frozen " and just " let it go . "
the australian rapper has broken her silence about a supposed feud between herself and nicki minaj , rumors that were sparked after minaj gave a curiously pointed acceptance speech at the bet awards on sunday .
the new york-bred mc made it clear that when " you hear nicki minaj spit , nicki minaj wrote it , " leaving observers to assume that she was taking a dig at azalea , who 's been rumored to work with ghostwriters and was minaj 's competitor at the awards ceremony .
nicki minaj vs. iggy azalea : where 's the beef ?
although minaj said during her acceptance speech that she was n't giving " shade " -- aka , disrespect -- it nonetheless appeared that way to many .
with the internet chomping down on the apparent beef , both minaj and azalea have tried to clear the air .
" the media puts words in my mouth all the time and this is no different .
i will always take a stance on women writing b/c i believe in us ! "
" i 've congratulated iggy on the success of ' fancy , ' publicly .
she should be very proud of that .
all the women nominated should b proud .
... that will never change my desire to motivate women to write .
i hope i inspire up & coming females to do that . "
azalea initially remained silent on the subject , but by july 3 the rapper had grown tired of the commentary .
" i have to say the general explosion of pettiness online in the last few days is hard to ignore and honestly ... lame , " azalea wrote in a statement , as captured on her instagram account .
" if i had won the bet award that would 've been great but it was n't my year and i do n't mind -- so you should n't either . "
washington ( cnn ) -- when the race is done , the balloons have wilted , and the confetti has been swept up , campaign 2012 may be marked more by its failures than its triumphs .
but here 's the starkest failure in these final days before the vote : neither candidate has made a convincing enough argument for his presidency to break free of the margin of error in the polls .
no matter who is elected , close to as many americans will have voted against him as for him .
sure , barack obama has generally stayed a point or two ahead of his rival in most battlegrounds , but despite his mighty pushes and the advantage of the bully pulpit he has rarely done any better .
and mitt romney , while he has managed to relentlessly nip at the president 's heels like a dog chasing a car ( as opposed to one riding on top ) , he has never been able to decisively bridge the gap from " also ran " to " front runner . "
mad dash in final bid for votes the most recent cnn poll of polls -- an average of 10 national polls -- has obama just one point ahead of romney , 48 % -47 % .
the latest cnn/orc survey in the battleground state of ohio has obama up 50 % -47 % , and in florida by just one point , 50 % -49 % .
both results are well within the polls ' margin of error of plus or minus 3.5 % .
and if both parties are not haunted by the ever-growing mob of voters calling themselves independents , they ought to be .
at least dr. rita kirk at southern methodist university thinks so .
she is director of the maguire center for ethics and public responsibility .
" independent is n't a party , " she says .
" it just means ' none of the above . '
people are not really satisfied with either party . "
( cnn ) -- jeanne cooper , who played katherine chancellor , the " dame of genoa city , " on " the young and the restless , " has died .
she was 84 .
her death was confirmed by her son , actor corbin bernsen , on his twitter account .
" mom passed this morning , " bernsen posted .
" she was in peace and without fear . "
cooper had been suffering from an undisclosed illness .
the cause of death was not given .
" the young and the restless " was struggling in the ratings and its creator , william j. bell , wanted to spice things up .
" jeanne was the matriarch of the show in every sense of the word , " said lauralee bell , christine/cricket on " the young and the restless " and william bell 's daughter .
" when you did work you were proud of , you 'd hope for approval or a ' good job ' from jeanne as a child would from a parent .
when things got too tense , she 'd break the tension with her amazing wit .
she would teach the younger actors without ever talking down to them .
in fact , she would raise them up , " said bell .
" she always had my back and my parents ( and our whole family ) always had hers . "
kate linder , another member of " the young and the restless " cast , said cooper was her " mentor and an amazing actress and friend . "
linder , esther valentine on the show , said , " when jeanne welcomed you into her life , you knew it and it was a fantastic feeling .
this is truly the end of an era , not just for fans of ' the young and the restless ' but for all of the people she touched throughout her long and distinguished career and life . "
london ( cnn ) -- u.s. president barack obama 's plan to expand the military campaign against isis terrorists into syria , and to boost american backing for rebels fighting syria 's president bashar al-assad , represents a grave escalation that risks dragging the u.s. and its allies into an open-ended regional war .
but obama , as he has shown repeatedly since 2008 , is a reluctant warrior with no particular expertise in armed conflict .
no doubt john f. kennedy felt that he , too , understood the risks when he started sending american advisors to saigon in the early 1960s .
like jfk , he may be starting a fight he can not finish , which will run on and on for untold years .
obama , who came to office wearing the mantle of a man of peace and agent of change , has ultimately proved little different in this respect from predecessors such as ronald reagan and george w. bush .
his tone on television was nationalistic and bombastic .
american primacy , he said , was " the one constant in an uncertain world . "
he continued : " our endless blessings bestow an enduring burden .
but as americans , we welcome our responsibility to lead . "
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- pakistani authorities have launched a massive crackdown on terror groups that they say were planning numerous suicide attacks , including in the country 's largest city of karachi .
pakistan security officials show seized weapons and ammunition in karachi on sunday after the arrest of seven alleged militants .
the three were seized early monday after police raided a bus station in sargodha , a city located about 120 miles ( 190 km ) south of islamabad in pakistan 's punjab province .
those arrested early monday included the pakistani taliban 's chief in punjab , according to anwar .
the taliban in punjab have direct ties to baitullah mehsud , the former head of the pakistan taliban , and have been accused of sectarian murders in punjab .
pakistan and u.s. officials contend mehsud was killed in an august 5 drone attack in waziristan at his father-in-law 's house .
the taliban claim mehsud is alive but ill .
pakistani authorities also said they thwarted planned attacks in the southern port city of karachi , pakistan 's largest city and the capital of sindh province .
two men behind bars for more than half their lives over a triple murder walked free this week after dna evidence tore holes in their convictions .
antonio yarbough and sharrif wilson were teenagers when prison doors clanked shut behind them .
what does freedom feel like ?
" i 'm still going through it right now , " yarbough said friday .
" i have n't slept yet .
i 've been up for two days now .
nearly 22 years of hard time imagine more than two decades in a maximum security prison .
add to that the fact that you 're accused of killing your mother , your sister and your cousin .
as if that 's not enough , you were the one who discovered their lifeless , bloodied bodies when you opened the door to your home one night .
if it 's hard to imagine what that 's like , yarbough will tell you .
after years in attica 's maximum security prison among new york 's toughest criminals , he left its high , gray walls behind him thursday .
" it was a nightmare , " yarbough told cnn 's piers morgan in an exclusive interview .
" twenty-one years and seven months was more like 42 years and seven months , when you know you 're in prison for something you did n't do . "
after reviewing dna evidence , district attorney kenneth p. thompson said the previous convictions for the 1992 murders in brooklyn would most likely not stand up in court again and agreed the two men should be freed .
" anybody looking at this evidence with an open mind would see that there is no chance in the world that tony murdered his mother and these two little girls , " his lawyer zachary margulis-ohuma said .
( cnn ) -- in spite of heightened security due to a terror threat on the 10th anniversary of the september 11th , 2001 , terrorist attacks , a south carolina man was apparently able to sneak a stun gun into a professional football game and fired it into the crowd , police said tuesday .
leroy t. mckelvey , 59 , allegedly used the gun on three men in an upperdeck scuffle at metlife stadium in east rutherford , new jersey , during a sunday match-up between the new york jets and dallas cowboys , according to new jersey police sgt. julian castellanos .
the three men suffered minor injuries , he said .
he was taken to bergen county jail and later released on $ 22,500 bail .
when asked about the security breach , national football league spokesman brian mccarthy said the league is " always refining and improving our security procedures . "
mark lamping , the chief executive of metlife stadium , said the stun gun involved in the incident was the size of a small cell phone .
" procedures for pat downs established by the nfl and used at every game were in effect at all entry gates , " he said in a statement .
a video posted on youtube apparently captures the immediate aftermath of the alleged attack , showing several cowboys fans surrounding at least one person who is laying near the base of one of the stadium 's seats .
manchester , new hampshire ( cnn ) new jersey gov. chris christie dominates almost any room he enters but is suddenly facing questions about his relevance in the 2016 presidential race .
the surprisingly fast-moving republican presidential contest , kicked off by jeb bush shortly after the new year and accelerated by the unexpected re-emergence of mitt romney , is putting pressure on christie , who was once the republican establishment 's favorite .
the big-check gop contributors that were once assumed to be christie 's for the taking  in particular the wall street financiers just across the hudson river from new jersey  are now being courted aggressively by bush and romney as they ramp up their campaigns .
" there is big advantage to moving first , and when you 're a whale like both jeb and romney are , and you jump into that pool first , its hard for anyone else to squeeze in , " said b. wayne hughes , a california billionaire and republican donor who has not committed to supporting a candidate .
" they have the same donor base , so they have to go after those guys . "
bush has been a well-liked figure in the center-right donor set for years , thanks to his widespread family connections and the perks and ambassadorships doled out by two previous bush white houses .
the execution of humberto leal garcia , who was sentenced to death for the 1994 crimes , " would place the united states in irreparable breach of its international-law obligation to afford ( leal ) review and reconsideration of his claim that his conviction and sentence were prejudiced by texas authorities ' failure to provide consular notification and assistance under the vienna convention on consular relations , " wrote solicitor general donald b. verrilli jr. , in a friend-of-the-court brief .
in a separate document , a letter to texas governor rick perry , the u.n. high commissioner for human rights asked that he commute the sentence to life in prison , according to rupert colville , a spokesman for navi pillay .
the two requests were based on the failure of texas authorities to grant the 38-year-old leal -- who has lived in the united states since he was 2 years old -- access to a mexican consular official at the time of his arrest .
" the lack of consular assistance and advice raises concerns about whether or not mr. leal garcia 's right to a fair trial was fully upheld , " colville said .
the case " raises questions " regarding compliance with a 2004 international court of justice ruling in what is known as the avena case that the united states failed to fulfill its obligations to 51 mexicans on death row in u.s. jails when it did not inform them of their right to contact their consular representatives " without delay " after their arrests , he said .
while heading boston private equity firm bain capital , romney worked closely in the 1980s with stemberg in the development of staples .
stemberg spoke at the republican national convention in august that nominated romney for president .
a massachusetts state court judge , jennifer ulwick , granted the boston globe 's request for the testimony , but refused to lift a gag order that prevents stemberg sullivan from talking about her dealings and interactions with romney .
lawyers for stemberg and romney told thursday 's hearing they had no objection to releasing the romney testimony to the boston globe .
ulwick said the romney testimony was being released to the newspaper without restrictions .
allred announced after the hearing she would provide copies of the romney transcripts to other media outlets .
the boston globe petitioned the court on october 15 to release romney 's testimony in the lawsuit filed in 1990 , but ulwick said at an initial hearing on wednesday that she believed the documents had been destroyed .
however , allred and stemberg sullivan urged the court to agree to the newspaper 's request and , in a surprise move , provided two volumes of romney 's testimony to the court .
( cnn ) -- rafael nadal remains on course for a record seventh french open title after he dismissed the challenge of fellow spaniard nicolas almagro to notch up his 50th roland garros victory .
the world no. 2 triumphed 7-6 6-2 6-3 over the 12th seed as he goes in search of the 11th grand slam title in his illustrious career .
standing between nadal and a seventh paris final is another spaniard , david ferrer , after the no. 6 seed beat britain 's andy murray 6-4 6-7 6-3 6-2 .
he is yet to lose a set in this year 's tournament .
" you can not expect to win an easy match in the quarterfinals of a grand slam .
on his semi-final against ferrer , nadal added : " we played each other a lot of times .
" he 's a complete player .
it 's very difficult to play against him , because his movement is probably the best in the world and he 's able to hit the ball very early a lot of the time . "
should nadal secure his seventh title he will go one better than legendary swede bjorn borg , who has six .
he will also match bjorg 's record of 11 career grand slam titles .
( cnn ) -- federal agents raided city hall in new jersey 's capital on thursday , one day after they swarmed the home of the city 's mayor , his brother and a campaign supporter .
" the fbi is executing search warrants at various offices at trenton city hall , pursuant to an ongoing investigation , " said fbi spokeswoman barbara woodruff .
it was not immediately clear why the raids were conducted and authorities declined to elaborate .
mayor tony mack , 46 , responded to the wednesday raids by saying he had " not violated the public trust in any way , nor have i violated any of my public duties . "
mack , a democrat who began his term in july 2010 , has been beleaguered by questions over public finance and accusations of cronyism .
last may , his deputy mayor , paul sigmund iv , was arrested and charged with heroin possession and assaulting a police officer , which led to his prompt resignation .
wednesday 's raids also included the homes of mack 's brother , businessman ralphiel mack , and joseph giorgianni , a convicted sex offender .
more from cnn justice : fbi dive team to search for missing iowa girls arrest made in philadelphia attempted abduction ' america 's toughest sheriff ' faces civil rights trial michael jackson 's siblings attack estate executors
the exact number of exonerated american prisoners is unknown .
but data gathered by university law schools indicates it 's more than 2,000 .
fascinating details surrounding some of these exonerations set them apart from the rest .
here are five recent exonerations that made headlines .
michael morton the subject of a cnn film , michael morton was n't home when his wife , christine , was beaten to death in front of their 3-year-old son at their austin , texas-area home in 1986 .
the problem was , the jury was prevented from hearing all the evidence in the case .
wrongly convicted of murder and sentenced to life in prison , a team of loyal supporters and dna evidence helped morton win his freedom in 2011 .
last month , morton 's former prosecutor pleaded no contest to a court order to show cause regarding evidence that was not used in the trial .
read more about michael morton 's story 2 .
brian banks and the incredible twist at age 17 , fearing a potentially long sentence , college football hopeful brian banks followed the advice of his attorney and pleaded no contest to assaulting a long beach , california , high school classmate in 2002 .
banks maintained his innocence throughout nearly six years of imprisonment , subsequent probation and registration as a sex offender .
but in 2011 , the case took an incredible twist when the alleged victim sent banks a facebook friend request .
according to the california innocence project , the woman later admitted that banks had not kidnapped or raped her during a consensual encounter at long beach polytechnic high school , where banks was a middle linebacker with a scholarship offer from the university of southern california .
( cnn ) barcelona took full advantage of arch-rival real madrid 's humiliating derby defeat to close the gap in the la liga title race to just one point with thrilling 5-2 win over athletic bilbao sunday .
athletic refused to lie down and mikel rico pulled a goal back on the hour mark before messi 's goalbound header was then turned into his own net by oscar de marcos .
the catalan giants went 4-1 ahead when neymar scored his 23rd of the season , messi again with the assist .
it was the ninth straight win for barca , who will have taken heart from seeing real thrashed 4-0 by reigning champions atletico madrid saturday .
the home side looked set to secure all three points after a superb piece of skill from senegal 's cheikhou kouyate just after half time at upton park .
( cnn ) -- missouri police are investigating the death of a 27-year-old woman whose body was found this week at the home of beer tycoon august busch iv .
frontenac , missouri , police officers got a 911 call just before 1:15 p.m. last sunday about an unresponsive woman at a residence later identified as belonged to busch , the town 's police chief , thomas becker , said in a news release .
paramedics and police officers arrived eight minutes later to find adrienne nicole martin dead , " with no apparent signs of trauma or other indications of cause of death , " becker said .
busch 's lawyer , art margulis , on friday described martin as a friend of his client .
" there 's absolutely nothing here that would indicate that this occurred under any suspicious circumstances , " said margulis .
" it 's a tragic death of a ... very nice young lady . "
the community of about 3,500 people is 11 miles west of st. louis .
in the about me section of her page , she writes that she had been in beauty pageants for years and " would really like to do beer advertising . "
busch , 46 , became chief executive officer of anheuser-busch in december 2006 , after years of working in the company 's brewing , operations and marking divisions .
he was in charge in 2008 when belgian brewer inbev engineered a $ 52 billion takeover of the then-st .
louis , missouri , company .
( cnn ) -- lewis hamilton endured a nightmare start to testing his new mercedes after driving straight off the track at jerez on his first day following a hydraulic problem wednesday .
the 2008 world champion , who left mclaren at the end of last season , was on his 15th lap of timed testing when his car went off the track and hit a barrier of tires .
hamilton 's accident , which prevented him from returning to action , follows teammate nico rosberg 's disastrous run which was ended by a minor fire tuesday .
webber vows to battle vettel for f1 title the german 's car was found to have been suffering with electrical problems , while mercedes took to twitter to give an update on hamilton 's setback .
" lewis suffered a loss of rear brake pressure , the front brakes enabled him to slow the car but he could n't avoid the barrier , " said mercedes on twitter .
" obvious damage to the front wing and nose ; we 're checking the car over now .
" update from jerez , we have traced the problem to the hydraulic brake line connecting to the right-rear caliper . "
hamilton is expected to return to the track on friday following the collision , which saw the car career on straight for some 70 meters at 280 kilometers per hour .
ferrari ready for red bull fight meanwhile , russian team marussia has replaced timo glock with brazil 's luis razia as its second driver for the 2013 season .
the 23-year-old , who finished as runner-up in last season 's gp2 series , will partner fellow rookie max chilton when the campaign starts in australia on march 17 .
( cnn ) a los angeles police officer charged with murder in the shooting death of a local truck driver had his father 's help in fleeing california and traveling to texas , court documents filed thursday said .
henry solis , a los angeles police department rookie , is accused of killing 23-year-old salome rodriguez jr. early in the morning of march 13 in pomona .
solis disappeared shortly after the shooting .
items left by solis at the crime scene allowed pomona police detectives to identify him " as the individual responsible for killing rodriguez , " according to an affidavit signed thursday by fbi special agent scott garriola .
the document goes on to say that solis made " incriminating statements about his role in the murder " to friends , family members and others , and said he would never be seen again .
the affidavit says his father , victor solis , quickly left his home in lancaster after receiving a call from him .
the elder solis was seen a day later in el paso , texas , at the home of family members .
he told fbi agents he drove his son to el paso , dropped him off at a bus station and does n't know where he is .
federal authorities have n't said if victor solis would face charges for helping his son leave california .
cnn 's tina burnside contributed to this report .
washington ( cnn ) -- a senate committee will expand its probe into the u.s. secret service this week following a scandal involving prostitutes in colombia in advance of a recent trip by the president .
the homeland security committee will send the secret service " some questions this week , as the beginning of our broader investigation , asking whether ... this was an exception , or is there anything in the records that show this is a pattern of misconduct that has gone on elsewhere by secret service agents on assignment , but off-duty ? "
" why was n't it noticed if that was the case ?
what 's the secret service going to do to make sure it never happens again ? "
some secret service members and agents allegedly brought back several prostitutes to a hotel in cartagena , according to sources familiar with the u.s. government 's investigation .
the secret service says 12 members of the agency have been implicated in the incident .
across the sunday political talk shows , officials expressed confidence in secret service director mark sullivan , saying they believe he has handled the scandal well and will get answers .
he added that based on what he has been told so far , " there is no evidence that information was compromised " in this case .
down the road , the committee will hold a public hearing on the matter -- perhaps more than one , lieberman said .
( cnn ) " a long , long , time ago ... " those five words , when uttered or sung , makes baby boomers immediately think of don mclean 's pop masterpiece " american pie . "
it 's hard to believe that his phenomenal 8 ½ minute allegory , which millions of americans know by heart , is 44 years old .
all sorts of historical cross-currents play off each other in this timeless song , brilliantly gilded with the unforgettable chorus , which starts as " bye , bye , miss american pie . "
there is no real way to categorize mclean 's " american pie " for its hybrid of modern poetry and folk ballad , beer-hall chant and high-art rock .
on tuesday , christie 's sold the 16-page handwritten manuscript of the song 's lyrics for $ 1.2 million to an unnamed buyer .
" the next day i went to school in shock and guess what ? "
mclean recalled .
" nobody cared .
rock 'n' roll in those days was sort of like hula hoops and buddy had n't had a big hit on the charts since ' 57 . "
having recorded his first album , " tapestry , " in 1969 , in berkeley , california , during the student riots , mclean , a native new yorker , became a kind of weather vane for what he called the " generation lost in space . "
when his cultural anthem " american pie " was released in november 1971 , it replaced bob dylan 's " the times they are a changin " as the peoples almanac of the new decade .
there is magic brewing in the music and words of " american pie , " for mclean 's lyrics and melody frame a cosmic dream , like those jack kerouac tried to conjure in his poetry-infused novel " on the road . "
las vegas ( cnn ) -- for david shafter , it should have been a dream : a crush of excited people swarming his booth at the international consumer electronics show , where his startup is launching its first product .
they were angling for a peek at pop star justin bieber , who was making an appearance at the booth next door .
" we ca n't run our demos . "
shafter 's fledgling company , xybotyx , is making its first appearance at ces to introduce its xybot , a hockey-puck-shaped robotic device that zips around on little wheels , controlled by an iphone or ipod touch .
owners can download apps to their phone that give the robot specific behaviors , like avoiding obstacles .
but none of the hundreds of people pressed up against his booth cared about that .
they only had eyes for the teen singer with the sideswept hair who was greeting fans nearby at the tosy booth , where he made an appearance on behalf of that company 's new mrobo , a portable speaker that morphs , " transformers " style , into a little dancing robot .
middle-aged tech execs are n't exactly bieber 's demographic , but many onlookers said they were there to get photos or autographs for their teen-age kids .
some people even asked if they could climb atop shafter 's plywood demo table to get a better view .
( the answer was no . )
( cnn ) -- spain coach vicente del bosque has included three uncapped players in his final 23-man squad for the world cup in south africa .
winger pedro rodriguez , 22 , was named along with his barcelona teammate victor valdes , who edged out 19-year-old david de gea and villarreal 's diego lopez for the third goalkeeping place .
de gea 's 21-year-old clubmate javi martinez was handed a midfield berth , having impressed as atletico madrid won the uefa europa league this season and reached the final of the spanish cup .
" they have had a good season , they are coming to strengthen the squad as substitutes for other players , " del bosque told reporters .
martinez 's fellow under-21 international , osasuna defender cesar azpilicueta , missed out along with midfielders santi cazorla and marcos senna , who both featured when spain won euro 2008 .
sevilla striker alvaro negredo was also chopped , as was another member of the triumphant 2008 squad , dani guiza .
midfielder andres iniesta is also expected to be ready , having returned from a calf problem in the last game of the spanish league season as barcelona claimed the title .
barcelona 's 19-year-old bojan krkic , who missed spain 's euro 2008 success at his own request due to fatigue , did not even make the initial 30-man squad named earlier this month .
england coach fabio capello was forced to go back on his previously iron-clad rules in selecting his preliminary squad for the world cup .
istanbul , turkey ( cnn ) -- in a landmark case , the european court of human rights ruled tuesday that turkish authorities failed to protect a woman from her abusive ex-husband , effectively allowing his pattern of domestic violence to lead to the killing of her mother at gunpoint .
judges unanimously ruled that the turkish state violated three articles prohibiting torture and discrimination , and ensuring the right to life of the victim .
" it 's a very good decision , " said pinar ilkkaracan , co-founder of the istanbul-based organization women for women 's human rights .
" this means now that the state must take effective measures to protect women from violence . "
according to a turkish government study released in february , four out of 10 turkish women are beaten by their husbands .
turkey passed the family protection act in 1998 , which is supposed to offer women protection against domestic violence .
but in the case , opuz v. turkey , judges ruled that the " discriminatory judicial passivity in turkey created a climate that was conducive to domestic violence . "
court documents state that in the southeastern turkish city of diyarbakir , nahide opuz , 36 , and her mother were the repeat victims of attacks by the woman 's ex-husband , huseyin opuz , referred to as h.o. " criminal proceedings were brought against h.o. on three occasions , " the court wrote .
on one occasion , huseyin opuz ran over the two women with a car .
in 2001 , he stabbed his ex-wife seven times with a knife .
the ex-wife survived the assault .
turkish authorities detained and then released her ex-husband after fining him the equivalent of about $ 580 .
sen. ted cruz slammed the white house on tuesday for a " failure of leadership " as president barack obama prepares to nominate his administration 's fourth defense secretary .
" it seems what the administration is looking for is a defense secretary who will follow the orders of a political white house rather than focus on defending the national security interests of this country , " cruz said .
" at a time when the threats are this grave , we should n't see turnover at the defense department than one has at a typical burger king . "
cruz said he did not know ashton carter , the former no. 2 man at the pentagon who is expected to be obama 's nominee to succeed defense secretary chuck hagel , but cruz said he looks forward to learning more about carter and his " good reputation . "
" it says something that so many people are saying , ' no , thank you , i do n't want to serve in an administration that overrides the defense department , that treats the defense secretary as subservient to political lackeys in the white house , " cruz said .
seoul , south korea ( cnn ) -- south korea bade farewell to former president kim dae-jung sunday in a ceremony attended by thousands of citizens , dignitaries and politicians .
south korean buddhist monks pray in front of a portrait of former president kim dae-jung during his funeral sunday .
the solemn sunday afternoon ceremony was held outside parliament , with a large portrait of kim placed on a shrine surrounded by flowers .
the funeral followed six days of mourning for kim , who died tuesday of a heart failure .
kim 's state funeral was the second such ever given in the country , south korea 's yonhap news agency said .
another president , park chung-hee , was also accorded a state funeral after his assassination while in office in 1979 .
kim -- who was president from 1998 to 2003 -- won the nobel peace prize in 2000 for trying to foster better relations with north korea .
the watershed moment of his presidency came in june 2000 when he met north korean leader kim jong il , becoming the first south korean leader to do so since the korean war unofficially ended in 1953 .
ahead of the funeral , president lee met with a visiting north korean delegation , who delivered a message from kim jong il expressing hopes for improved relations between the two countries .
( cnn ) -- two kenyan aid workers who had been held by the al qaeda-linked militant group al-shabaab since 2011 have been rescued near somalia 's border with kenya , the african union mission in somalia said friday .
the rescue was carried out on the outskirts of dhobley town in somalia by peacekeepers for the mission , known by the acronym amisom , who were working with somali forces , amisom said in a news release .
one of the rescued , james kiarie gichoi , was working for care international when he was kidnapped near the dadaab refugee camp in kenya .
the other , daniel njuguna wanyoike , was working as a driver 's helper for a company contracted by the aid group medecins sans frontieres when he was kidnapped in afmadow , a nearby town in somalia .
both men were receiving treatment friday at an amisom medical facility in nearby dhobley , somalia , and were expected to be repatriated to nairobi , kenya .
amisom forces working with the somali national army have mounted an offensive that has liberated 10 towns that were among al-shabaab 's strongholds , said amisom , the african union peacekeeping mission in somalia .
al-shabaab , designated a foreign terrorist organization by the united states , has a relationship with al qaeda that goes back several years .
in 2012 , the two groups effectively merged , said cnn national security analyst peter bergen .
al-shabaab hopes to turn somalia into a fundamentalist islamic state , but has launched attacks in other countries as well .
in 2010 , al-shabaab claimed responsibility for two suicide bombings in kampala , uganda , amid crowds of soccer fans watching televised screenings of the world cup final .
the bombings left 74 people dead .
( cnn ) -- inter milan are once again five points behind rivals ac milan at the top of the italian serie a table after crushing genoa 5-2 at the san siro on sunday .
however , inter were a different side in the second-half and three goals in seven minutes completely turned the match around .
the home side leveled in the 50th minute when giampaolo mazzini slotted home maicon 's cross and they took the lead a minute later when samuel eto'o converted a rebound after goran pandev 's shot was fumbled by goalkeeper eduardo .
and eto'o added his second goal just six minutes later with a superb individual effort , the cameroon striker 's 18th goal of the season .
goran pandev made it 4-1 in the 68th minute , after being set-up by eto'o and wesley sneijder , and yuto nagatomo netted his first goal for the club to complete the scoring .
mauro boselli 's late header proved little more than a consolation goal for the visitors .
the naples side are now eight points off the top and just two points ahead of fourth placed lazio , who saw off palermo 2-0 thanks to an early double from giuseppe sculli .
( cnn ) -- it was a case of déjà vu at cheltenham on wednesday as ruby walsh and willie mullins took the opening race for a second day in a row .
favorite faugheen proved too classy for rivals in the novices ' hurdle , powering away from ballyalton and rathvinden to land another win for flamboyant american owner rich ricci .
" gosh , that was magic was n't it ? "
former banker ricci told reporters .
" he was just brilliant .
he 's been a very hard horse to keep right but willie and ruby have done a fantastic job with him . "
sprinter sacre , one of the brightest stars of national hunt racing , is sadly absent from this year 's festival as vets continue to ponder his irregular heartbeat , but the magnificent selle francais did have a representative in the winners ' enclosure in the shape of jockey nico de boinville .
sprinter sacre 's regular work rider got up on whisper to deny ap mccoy on get me out of here in a photo finish in the day 's main handicap .
beating perennial champion jockey mccoy added to the pleasure for amateur de boinville , who said : " i was very , very worried when i could see him coming up to me , but it 's such a great feeling when they jump and travel as well as my horse did .
i did n't have a clue that i 'd won -- you do n't dream this sort of thing happens . "
in the day 's feature race , the queen mother champion chase , sire de grugy produced the fairytale ending that connections and neutrals were hoping for by running away with the title by six lengths from somersby and module .
( cnn ) -- on monday , as he remained hospitalized for injuries incurred during a massive manhunt and a pair of shootouts last week , dzhokhar tsarnaev heard from his hospital bed his miranda rights being read , and then he heard read the federal charges now filed against him in connection with the boston marathon bombings .
the 19-year-old faces charges of using and conspiring to use a weapon of mass destruction resulting in death , and of malicious destruction of property by means of an explosive device resulting in death .
read the complaint genck said he is not divulging all of the details he has , just what is necessary to establish the following .
as told via the criminal complaint : at 2:38 p.m. on monday , april 15 , roughly 11 minutes prior to the first blast , tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev are caught on camera turning onto boylston street , the thoroughfare where the finish line is located .
tamerlan tsarnaev is wearing a baseball cap , sunglasses , a white shirt , dark coat and tan pants .
his little brother is wearing a gray hoodie , a black jacket and dark pants .
he also has a white baseball cap , turned backward on his head .
the pair walks east , toward the boston marathon finish line , tamerlan tsarnaev in front of dzhokhar tsarnaev , wearing a knapsack on his back .
( cnn ) -- " you are obviously , to me , always going to be the dude , " piers morgan said to jeff bridges , referring to the actor 's title role in the 1998 coen brothers movie , " the big lebowski . "
the oscar-winning actor is a guest on thursday 's " piers morgan tonight . "
bridges , who took a year off from movies to focus on his music career , will release his self-titled album august 16 .
" you 're the dude , " continued morgan .
" to millions of people around the world , jeff bridges , you will always be the dude .
i ca n't pretend anything else . "
the cnn host proudly stated that he " ritually " watches " lebowski " annually .
bridges said from the moment he read the script , he knew the film was destined to be a classic .
" i read that thing and i , you know , it made me laugh -- all the way through it , " said bridges .
" john goodman came out with a great quote about your performance , " said morgan .
" he said , ' it 's like watching a diamond cutter .
when you look at the diamond , you do n't think of the work , you just notice there are no flaws . ' "
bridges , whose hollywood career has spanned some 40 years and 60 films , openly admitted that he owes his great success to his veteran actor dad , lloyd bridges .
" i 'm a product of nepotism , " said bridges .
" my dad , you know ... the hardest thing about acting as a profession is getting the break . "
when morgan pointed out bridges ' reputation as " the nicest guy in show business , " the younger bridges again credited his father 's guidance .
thursday marks kyron horman 's 8th birthday .
desiree young , kyron 's biological mother , said she will celebrate the birthday by releasing red balloons outside a church in medford , oregon .
his stepmother , terri horman , said she dropped him off at skyline elementary school on the morning of june 4 .
she has been the subject of intense scrutiny for several months .
court documents also allege terri horman attempted to hire a man to kill her husband .
meanwhile , skyline elementary began its first day of classes for the year on tuesday with additional security measures to protect the children and staff .
" these cameras will show external views of the building as well as the main hallway , " he wrote .
also , security procedures will be reviewed to ensure they are effective , he added .
" our hearts go out to kyron 's family and we all hope for a positive resolution to this case . "
( cnn ) silent , almost shy as she headed into manhattan criminal court , ailina tsarnaeva was anything but timid when it came to a perceived rival , prosecutors say .
" stop looking for him .
... i know people that can put a bomb where you live , " she said , according to the complaint .
considering who was making the threats , prosecutors did n't consider it a joke and charged tsarnaeva with aggravated harassment , which she denies .
leaving court last december , she and her lawyer refused to discuss the case .
tsarnaeva is the sister of dzhokhar and tamerlan tsarnaev .
authorities allege the brothers are responsible for the 2013 boston marathon bombing , which left three people dead and more than 260 others injured .
police shot and killed tamerlan tsarnaev , 26 , during the manhunt and later captured dzhokhar , who is now on trial .
tsarnaev 's lawyers do n't dispute that he did it .
the defense argues that he was influenced and enlisted by his older , self-radicalized brother to commit acts of terror .
defense rests in boston marathon bombing trial the tsarnaev family first immigrated to the boston area back in 2002 .
the parents , fleeing a troubled region of russia , were treated as legal residents and granted asylum -- a status that opened the door for taxpayer-funded welfare .
the state of massachusetts has confirmed the tsarnaevs received food stamps , public housing and other aid , on and off , between 2002 and 2012 .
during this time , tamerlan tsarnaev began his conversion to radical islam .
then , according to investigators , he began filling his younger brother 's head with a hatred toward the west .
woodbridge , virginia ( cnn ) -- the police photograph is chilling .
in grainy black and white tones , it shows 13-year-old martin andrews sitting in a makeshift box , his leg chained .
he had just been rescued from a nightmare .
" i was abducted by a sexually violent predator by the name of richard ausley , who had been twice convicted for sexually assaulting young boys , and he had taken me for eight days , " andrews recalled of his ordeal 37 years ago this month .
" i was left to die . "
as a survivor of a sex crime , andrews is one face of an issue the supreme court will revisit tuesday : civil commitment , which allows the government to keep sex offenders in custody even after they have served their sentences .
cnn normally does n't name victims of sex crimes , but andrews , now a victims ' advocate , agreed to tell his story .
on the other side of the debate is the first sex offender released from virginia 's civil commitment program , and one of just a handful nationwide .
" it was a scary thing to know that you could be committed to a mental institution for the rest of your life . "
jeb bush name-checked charles darwin , albert einstein and mark zuckerberg on monday while telling university of south carolina graduates that " young people and newcomers are often the great discoverers . "
the former florida republican governor 's commencement speech -- short , optimistic and apolitical -- came the day after he 'd said he planned to release 250,000 emails from his days in office .
and in many ways , that 's ok .
because that anxiety can be positive , " he said .
you see things that other people might not see . "
the point of his speech , bush said , was to tell graduates to " dream big , do n't be afraid of change and find joy everywhere you can . "
" darwin was 29 when he developed the theory of natural selection .
einstein was 26 when he developed the theory of relativity .
the rare moments christos sourovelis can take a break from running his own painting business , he can be found toiling away on his family 's dream house in the suburbs of philadelphia .
" i 'm a working guy .
i work every day , six days a week , even seven if i have to , " sourovelis says .
one day this past march , without warning , the government took his house away , even though he and his wife , markella , have never been charged with a crime or accused of any wrongdoing .
" i was so upset thinking somebody 's going to take my house for nothing .
that makes me crazy , " sourovelis says , shaking his head .
the nightmare began when police showed up at the house and arrested their 22-year-old son , yianni , on drug charges -- $ 40 worth of heroin .
a month-and-a-half later police came back -- this time to seize their house , forcing the sourvelises and their children out on the street that day .
authorities came with the electric company in tow to turn off the power and even began locking the doors with screws , the sourvelises say .
authorities wo n't comment on the exact circumstances because of pending litigation regarding the case .
police and prosecutors came armed with a lawsuit against the house itself .
it was being forfeited and transferred to the custody of the philadelphia district attorney .
authorities said the house was tied to illegal drugs and therefore subject to civil forfeiture .
( cnn ) two days after odin lloyd was found dead , new england patriots star aaron hernandez looked into the eyes of team owner robert kraft and said he was innocent , kraft testified tuesday in hernandez 's murder trial .
kraft , answering questions from a prosecutor and one of hernandez 's attorneys on the witness stand in a massachusetts courtroom , recalled a private conversation that he had with the star patriots tight end on june 19 , at the patriots ' gillette stadium , as news spread that hernandez was being investigated in lloyd 's death .
" he said he was not involved , " kraft testified in the courtroom in fall river .
hernandez has been charged with murder and has pleaded not guilty to orchestrating the death of lloyd , a semipro football player who was found dead in massachusetts on june 17 , 2013 .
hernandez also has pleaded not guilty to a gun and ammunition charge .
his co-defendants , ernest wallace and carlos ortiz , also pleaded not guilty and will be tried separately .
kraft testified that he asked to speak with hernandez in an office near a weight room in the stadium , and asked the player to look him in the eye and tell him if he was involved in lloyd 's death .
according to kraft , hernandez told him during that meeting that he hoped the time of lloyd 's death " came out , " because hernandez had been at a club that night .
( cnn ) -- a federal grand jury thursday charged two friends of boston marathon bombing suspect dzhokhar tsarnaev with obstructing justice and conspiracy to obstruct justice , the u.s. attorney 's office in boston said .
azamat tazhayakov and dias kadyrbayev -- 19-year-old roommates and kazakh nationals who began attending the university of massachusetts-dartmouth the same semester as tsarnaev -- were charged in may with conspiracy .
it is not clear whether thursday 's indictment represents a second conspiracy charge .
thursday 's indictment accuses tazhayakov and kadyrbayev of helping tsarnaev after the april 15 bombing by taking items from his dorm room to keep them from investigators .
photos of tsarnaev released after rolling stone complaints if convicted , tazhayakov and kadyrbayev could be sentenced to a maximum 20 years in prison on the obstruction count and up to five years on the conspiracy count , the u.s. attorney 's office said .
they also could be fined $ 250,000 .
arkady bukh , tazhayakov 's attorney , said his client is not discouraged .
he also said that tazhayakov did not touch any of tsarnaev 's items .
" there 's no evidence of intent , no incentive to help ( dzhokhar ) , no motive to destroy anything . "
the three students socialized and texted each other , the indictment says .
on april 18 , three days before the fbi searched tsarnaev 's dorm room , tazhayakov and kadyrbayev allegedly went into the dorm , took tsarnaev 's laptop and a backpack containing vaseline , a thumb drive , fireworks and a " homework assignment sheet " and took them back to their new bedford apartment , the indictment states .
( cnn ) -- former haitian dictator jean-claude duvalier died of a heart attack in port-au-prince at the age of 63 , a family member told cnn saturday .
known by his nickname " baby doc , " the so-called " president for life " actually fled haiti in 1986 and stunned haiti when he returned 25 years later .
he was charged with human rights crimes within days of his return , but he successfully argued in court that the statute of limitations had expired on charges that included torture , rape and extrajudicial killings .
in february , a haitian appeals court ruled that the lower court was wrong and that there is no statute of limitations for human rights violations .
the ruling reopened the possibility that duvalier could face such charges , but he died before a judicial investigation decided whether to pursue the charges .
duvalier inherited the title of " president for life " in 1971 upon the death of his father , francois " papa doc " duvalier , who had ruled with an iron fist through his paramilitary force , the tonton macoute .
just 19 years old when he came to power , baby doc became one of the world 's youngest heads of state .
haitians initially celebrated his ascension , thinking the young man would be less oppressive than his father , but that did n't turn out to be the case .
fast facts on duvalier his 15 years of rule were a time of repression in haiti that included the torture of opponents and the taking of political prisoners .
( cnn ) -- martina hingis and anna kournikova will team up again to play at this year 's wimbledon championships .
swiss star hingis won five grand slam singles crowns and nine in doubles during a glittering career which ended under a cloud in 2007 , when she was suspended for two years for testing positive for cocaine at wimbledon .
kournikova is a year younger , but has not played regularly on the main tour for seven years after being hit by a string of injuries .
the russian , who reached a career-high of number eight , made it to the semifinals of the singles at wimbledon in 1997 , but grand slam success eluded her .
the pair were once labeled as the ' spice girls ' of tennis , with the height of their fame coinciding with the peak of popularity of the british all-girl band , which included david beckham 's wife victoria .
as well as winning two grand slam titles together , the pair also reached no. 1 in the wta doubles rankings .
" i 'm so excited to be returning to the uk to play doubles with martina again , " kournikova told her official web site .
" this tournament has always held a special place in my heart , and it will be a great honor to play on the courts of wimbledon again .
i 'm looking forward to having a lot of fun . "
( cnn ) -- as easter comes into view , the thoughts of billions of christians turn to jerusalem , to a sacred weekend that includes the crucifixion and resurrection of jesus .
but easter retains its power .
it is , in fact , the essential christian celebration , as the gospels focus hugely on this part of the jesus story .
they describe in slow motion his entry into jerusalem and the final week leading up to the crucifixion on good friday , the uncertain stillness of holy saturday , when the world seems to have slipped into total darkness , then the joy of the resurrection itself , with a sense that boundaries have been broken -- most aggressively , the membrane between life and death .
questions arise , of course .
did jesus really rise from the dead ?
what would that look like ?
many christians imagine some literal wakening from the dead and refuse to accept the slightest hint that the resurrection might be regarded as symbolic without denigrating it .
the first inkling of change comes when a few women close to him visit the tomb .
accounts differ on who turned up at the tomb that morning : mary magdalene , a close friend of jesus , alone or with mary , his mother , and with salome ( who is either mary 's sister or the mother of apostles james and john ) .
( cnn ) -- presidential candidates sens. barack obama and john mccain are detailing their plans for solving the country 's energy crisis and criticizing each other 's proposals this week as they campaign in battleground states .
here 's a look at the candidates ' energy proposals : overall strategy mccain , the presumptive gop nominee , has proposed a national energy strategy that would rely on the technological prowess of american industry and science .
mccain has said he would work to reduce carbon emissions 60 percent below 1990 levels by 2050 .
he has said he would commit $ 2 billion annually for 15 years to advance clean coal technology .
mccain also believes the u.s. needs to deploy smartmeter technologies , which collect real-time data on the electricity use of individual homes and businesses .
meanwhile , obama laid out his comprehensive energy plan monday in lansing , michigan .
obama 's plan also would invest $ 150 billion over the next 10 years and leverage billions more in private capital to build a new energy economy that he said would harness american energy and create 5 million new jobs .
( cnn ) -- a number of establishment republicans are privately blasting former rep. j.c. watts and his comments about considering a run for the chairmanship of the republican national committee .
they call him arrogant for even suggesting he could do the job , and some have said the talk is more about his ego than a vision for the party .
in fact , he has been likened to former rnc chairman michael steele .
both are conservative , but clearly that comparison is based on their skin color and not anything else .
the republican party establishment should tread carefully here , because even if members choose not to vote for watts -- if he decides to even seek the job -- it is his skin color and perspective that is central to the gop having any sort of presidential future .
we might as well not play footsie : the republican party is a group largely composed of and targeting white americans .
yes , there are minority republicans .
but considering how president obama was able to destroy mitt romney at the ballot box last month with a racial coalition that rolled up massive support among blacks , hispanics and asians , the gop has a problem .
folks , this is simple math .
with the nation moving toward becoming a majority-minority country , the republican party can not afford to continue to ignore , alienate and , frankly , tick off minority voters .
in football , if you lose , you often get rid of the coach and find someone who can recruit better players to put you on the path to winning .
four years after michael jackson died , his oldest son is ready to tell a jury about the last days of his life .
prince jackson , now 16 , was 12 when he followed an ambulance carrying his father to ronald reagan ucla medical center on the afternoon of june 25 , 2009 .
on monday , in the jackson family 's wrongful death lawsuit , jackson lawyers informed aeg live attorneys that prince will be the next witness after a doctor who is an expert in medical conflicts of interest completes his testimony tuesday .
paris jackson : superstar 's daughter builds own identity in spotlight prince , paris and blanket jackson and their grandmother katherine jackson are suing aeg live , accusing their father 's last concert promoter of negligently hiring , retaining or supervising dr. conrad murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in jackson 's death .
jackson lawyers argue that the promoter and producer of the " this is it " shows pressured murray to get jackson to rehearsals but failed to get jackson help despite numerous red flags that he was in trouble .
murray told police he used the surgical anesthetic propofol nearly every night for two months to treat jackson 's insomnia .
the coroner ruled that an overdose of propofol killed him .
aeg live lawyers argue that jackson chose and supervised murray and that their executives had no way of knowing the doctor was using the dangerous treatment .
before a gallery of residents angry about the death , the council voted 5-0 to award a one-year $ 50,000 contract to michael j. gennaco , a consultant whose rate is $ 260 an hour , to examine the police department 's policies and practices , city spokeswoman sylvia palmer mudrick said .
gennaco told the council he will begin investigating the death after the orange county district attorney 's office completes its own inquiry into the incident , mudrick said .
thomas , 37 , died five days after what the orange county district attorney has called " a violent and desperate struggle " last month with fullerton police .
meanwhile , a los angeles attorney said he is planning to file a police brutality lawsuit in federal court this week against fullerton officers in a new unrelated case .
but one of the officers in that case was also involved in the thomas arrest , said the attorney , garo mardirossian .
mardirossian is also representing thomas ' father , ron , who is alleging that his son was a victim of police brutality and has notified fullerton city officials that he plans to pursue legal action against them .
washington ( cnn ) -- more than 42 years after air force chief master sgt. richard l. etchberger died on a laotian mountaintop , president barack obama on tuesday awarded him the medal of honor , saying , " it 's never too late to do the right thing .
etchenberg 's three sons were at the white house for the ceremony .
for decades they did n't know about their father 's heroism .
cory etchberger was in third grade in 1968 , when he was told that his father had died in a helicopter accident in southeast asia .
at age 29 he learned the truth , when the u.s. air force declassified his father 's story .
during the vietnam war , u.s. troops were n't supposed to be in neutral laos , so richard etchberger and a handful of colleagues shed their uniforms and posed as civilians to run a top secret radar installation high on a laotian cliff .
called lima site 85 , it guided u.s. bombers to sites in north vietnam and parts of laos under communist control .
the north vietnamese wanted to eliminate the installation , and early on the morning of march 11 , 1968 , its soldiers succeeded in scaling the 3,000-foot precipice and launching an attack .
he calls etchberger " a hero . "
washington ( cnn ) -- for political junkies , 2013 was expected to be a quiet year following the presidential election and it basically followed the script .
nonetheless , there were some interesting developments at the ballot box .
new jersey , as expected , returned gov. chris christie to office and also sent cory booker to the u.s. senate .
bill de blasio became the first democrat elected new york city mayor in two decades , and democrats , led by terry mcauliffe , swept the top three executive offices in virginia for the first time in recent memory .
in the new year , 435 house seats are up as are 35 in the senate .
there will be 36 gubernatorial races as well .
most of these campaigns wo n't be nail biters , but there could be collective power shifts in washington and in state houses .
here , cnn politics focuses on the senate , where republicans aim to retake control .
the top 12 campaign questions of 2014 five key races : kentucky the incumbent is senate minority leader mitch mcconnell , who is under pressure from two fronts : democrats , naturally , and from a tea party challenger within his own republican party who says he 's not conservative enough .
while mcconnell is likely to defeat his primary opponent , matt bevin , he is expending money and other resources he 'd rather use in a general election campaign against kentucky secretary of state alison lundergan grimes .
( cnn ) -- audiences will be getting a new look at abraham lincoln this weekend with the wide release of director steven spielberg 's " lincoln , " and they 'll be seeing a lot of america , too .
lincoln 's life took him through a number of states before and during the war , which gave spielberg and his crew a wide geographic canvas .
it was while shooting " war of the worlds " in rockbridge county , virginia , that spielberg began discussing returning to the state , said andy edmunds , interim director of the virginia film office .
edmunds worked with production designer rick carter for nine years , helping him scout locations across the state .
yet there is so much more to lincoln than the movie that bears his name .
for history and film buffs looking to explore lincoln 's life , here are five locales that go beyond a trek to the national mall .
do n't watch these 11 movies on a plane city point : hopewell , virginia one of spielberg 's virginia stops was city point , now hopewell , which served as ulysses s. grant 's headquarters during the siege of petersburg .
lincoln spent two weeks there in 1865 with his family , traveling aboard the war ship river queen , which filmmakers replicated in full , said rita mcclenny , chief executive officer of the virginia tourism board .
from there , lincoln watched the fall of petersburg , later visiting the city , which was also shot on location , edmunds said .
indeed , many pivotal wartime decisions " were made on virginia soil , " mcclenny said .
( cnn ) -- hilary duff says her new album is " very positive " but admits that it started out " a lot heavier and a lot darker " because of the separation from her husband , mike comrie .
" i 'm separated from my husband right now , which has been a very difficult thing to go through , " she told billboard 's " pop shop " podcast .
" in the beginning , the album was a lot heavier and a lot darker , because i had to get that out .
once i did get that out , a lot of fun came . "
duff married comrie , a former pro hockey player , in 2010 after dating for three years .
their son , luca , was born in 2012 .
duff and comrie announced their separation in january .
duff , 26 , admits that she 's " nervous " after being away from music for seven years .
her just-released single , " chasing the sun , " is from her still-untitled album , which will be her first studio release since 2007 's " dignity . "
she says she first started thinking of new material when she was pregnant with her son .
after having the child and taking another year , she was even more anxious .
" i felt like i was missing a big part of myself , " she said .
she spent most of her teenage years touring and says that turning 20 was a big factor in leaving the road .
" it was time for me to be a person , and the break just ended up being a long time , " she said .
washington ( cnn ) -- there are no immediate plans to commit more u.s. troops to the ongoing war in afghanistan , president obama said wednesday .
canadian prime minister stephen harper , left , and president obama meet in washington on wednesday .
" i 'm going to take a very deliberate process in making those decisions , " obama said .
" there is no immediate decision pending on resources , because one of the things that i 'm absolutely clear about is you have to get the strategy right and then make a determination about resources . "
the united states has about 62,000 u.s. troops in the country , and nato allies -- including canada -- have another 35,000 .
the pentagon is planning to add 6,000 troops by the end of the year .
just 39 percent of americans favor the war , while 58 percent oppose it , according to a national cnn/opinion research corp. survey released tuesday .
recent polling suggests that the increasing violence and slow pace of progress are also taking a toll on support for the war in canada .
obama thanked harper for his country 's commitment to afghanistan , where more than 2,800 canadian troops and dozens of civilians are stationed .
the court ruled that the evasiveness of the testimony the former baseball star gave to a grand jury investigating sales of performance-enhancing drugs was sufficient to convict him .
in an opinion filed by the u.s. ninth circuit court of appeals , judge mary m. schroeder said the three-judge panel rejected bonds ' contention that he could only have been indicted for obstruction if his testimony had been flatly false .
attorneys for bonds had argued that bonds ' statements to the grand jury were factually true , and that language in the federal statute under which he was charged is unconstitutionally vague .
the appeals court rejected that argument .
" when factually true statements are misleading or evasive , they can prevent the grand jury from obtaining truthful and responsive answers , " schroeder wrote .
" they may therefore obstruct and impede the administration of justice within the meaning of the federal criminal statute . "
the testimony that led to bonds ' conviction came when a grand jury prosecutor asked bonds whether anderson ever gave him " anything that required a syringe to inject yourself with . "
bonds told the grand jury that only his personal doctors " ever touch me , " and he then veered off the subject to say he never talked baseball with anderson .
washington ( cnn ) john boehner and his allies scrambled to lock down support for his reelection as speaker on tuesday morning as the small army of conservative lawmakers promising to vote against him continued to expand .
a senior house gop leadership source tells cnn that boehner is reaching out to members to urge support as they try to stave off the coup attempt .
voting was underway tuesday afternoon with several republicans already voting for people other than boehner .
bad weather and the funeral proceedings for former new york gov. mario cuomo , however , made conservatives ' challenge tougher as the two incidents combined ensured some lawmakers would n't make the vote .
with fewer lawmakers voting , conservatives will need more boehner opponents to force the vote to a second ballot .
conservative call for boehner coup grows louder still , monday morning conservatives were optimistic as more prominent members in their ranks came out opposed to the speaker .
rep. justin amash , one of the original dozen that opposed boehner for speaker in 2013 , said in a facebook post that while " speaker boehner has given his best to our conference ... it 's time for republicans to change our leadership . "
conservatives say they 've locked down at least a dozen and as many as 15 certain no-votes , with more expected when the vote happens tuesday afternoon .
florida rep. ted yoho , who is just starting his second term in the house , is one of the conservatives collaborating to spark a second round of voting , and has offered him up as an alternative to the ohio republican , along with texas rep. louie gohmert .
perugia , italy ( cnn ) -- the father of american student amanda knox says prosecutors have " no case left , " after an italian judge rejected a request for new dna testing of evidence .
" it really appears to me that they want to find the truth , " curt knox said of judge claudio pratillo hellman 's decision wednesday .
amanda knox is fighting her conviction for killing her british housemate , meredith kercher .
the judge also rejected prosecution efforts to introduce newly found records about the original testing and to hear a new witness -- all victories for knox 's defense , which opposed the motions .
curt knox said his daughter is " handling it a step at a time .
she 's not pessimistic by any means .
but she 's also not saying , you know , i 'm coming home . "
he told cnn that the family will be allowed to see amanda on friday and will have a better sense of her reaction to the court 's decision then .
still , he acknowledged that " it was very good news for amanda . "
even the prosecutor 's office told cnn that its attorneys are less certain of the outcome .
but francesco maresca , an attorney for the kercher family , said that the rulings were not a defeat and that he understood why the judge rejected the requests .
a high-profile murder case involving one of america 's most well-known political families took a dramatic turn wednesday when a judge ordered a new trial for michael skakel , the nephew of robert and ethel kennedy .
skakel , who has spent more than a decade behind bars , is accused of killing 15-year-old neighbor martha moxley with a golf club in 1975 .
twenty-seven years after her death , he was convicted and sentenced to 20 years to life in prison .
for years , skakel fought unsuccessfully for his conviction to be overturned .
but a connecticut judge gave skakel , 53 , a chance for a fresh start wednesday , ruling that the defense during his 2002 trial had been inadequate .
state 's attorney john smriga said prosecutors plan to appeal , but are still reviewing the judge 's decision .
robert f. kennedy jr. , who has long maintained his cousin 's innocence , described the judge 's order as a " blessed event . "
" i think everybody who knows michael 's overjoyed with it , " kennedy told cnn 's " ac360 . "
martha moxley 's mother said the judge 's ruling does nothing to change her mind .
" there 's not a way they can erase what was said during the first trial .
... i have not given up and i do believe michael skakel killed my daughter , " dorthy moxley told cnn 's " piers morgan live . "
" if there is a new trial , i will be there . "
judge : defense ' constitutionally deficient ' in a lengthy opinion wednesday , connecticut appellate judge thomas bishop ruled that defense attorney michael " mickey " sherman 's representation of skakel was " constitutionally deficient . "
" the defense of a serious felony prosecution requires attention to detail , an energetic investigation and a coherent plan of defense ( capably ) executed , " bishop wrote in his decision .
" trial counsel 's failures in each of these areas of representation were significant and , ultimately , fatal to a constitutionally adequate defense . "
( cnn ) -- the syrian government has told the parents of a missing american journalist that it does n't know where their son is , the man 's father said monday at a news conference in beirut , lebanon .
austin tice last contacted his family on august 13 while in syria reporting on the uprising there against the government of president bashar al-assad .
he was reportedly preparing to leave syria for lebanon when he went missing , according to his family .
read more : family working for journalist 's release plans visit to lebanon in october , a shaky video surfaced on youtube showing a man believed to be tice surrounded by armed men walking him up a hill .
tice 's father , marc tice , said that family members have been in touch , " directly and indirectly , " with syrian government officials , but they have learned nothing about his son 's location despite traveling to beirut to seek his release .
" we 're reaching out to everyone that we can get in touch with , " he said .
tice 's parents say they are willing to go to syria if that what it will take to get their son back .
" we have no idea what will be required , and we would like to know from whoever is holding him what it is that we need to do , " marc tice said .
austin is the oldest of the couple 's seven children .
with the holiday season approaching , they are " dismayed by the empty chair at our family table , " she said .
" we miss austin .
knowing his smile , big laugh , great storytelling . "
managua , nicaragua ( cnn ) -- daniel ortega marked the beginning of his third term as nicaragua 's president during an inauguration ceremony tuesday -- an event both buoyed by his pledges of moderation and marred by months of discord over voter irregularities .
the nicaraguan leader pledged that his socialist government would continue efforts to promote peace and attack poverty .
shortly after taking his oath of office , ortega hugged venezuelan president hugo chavez and iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad , who were among a number of dignitaries at the ceremony .
" people have tried to give many interpretations to the visit of ( ahmadinejad ) .
i think they still do n't understand that it is necessary to look for an authentic path toward peace , " ortega said during his inauguration address , stressing that it was within iran 's right to use nuclear technology for energy needs .
" they can not deny that right to any people , " he said .
" a head of state in libya was assassinated in the most brutal manner , with some television media basking in the crime .
if there were accusations , it was logical to detain him , " he said .
( cnn ) -- a british theater producer who was briefly jailed in uganda because of his play about the challenges facing gay people in the african nation said wednesday the case against him had been dropped .
homosexual acts are illegal in uganda , where most gays and lesbians face physical attacks and are treated as social outcasts .
however , the magistrate said the prosecution failed to provide evidence to substantiate the charges , cecil said .
the charges themselves have not been dropped , cecil added , but if the state wanted to reopen the case , the magistrate made clear it would have to start again from the beginning .
he said plans to stay in uganda , where his family lives .
read more : uganda bans 38 agencies it says are promoting gay rights cecil was briefly jailed in september after he was arrested on charges of " disobedience of lawful orders " for staging the play without authorization .
the play , " the river and the mountain , " features an all-ugandan cast , and tells the story of a gay businessman killed by his employees .
( cnn ) -- a week can be a long time when you 're one of the planet 's best young skiers .
on wednesday , mikaela shiffrin turned 18 .
on saturday she added the world cup slalom crown to last month 's world championships title , and on tuesday she 'll be back from europe to appear on u.s. national television .
" hopefully i do n't trip when i 'm going on stage .
if you knew me for longer than a day you would know that i spill things and i break things and i trip a lot .
you would not think i 'd be good at slalom . "
but she 's so good that she denied the world 's best female skier this season yet another accolade at the finale in lenzerheide , switzerland .
tina maze had been poised to add the slalom title to her overall , giant slalom and super-g crystal globes , having been denied the downhill when fog canceled racing on shiffrin 's birthday .
the slovenian was the fastest on the opening run , and led the standings by seven points , but shiffrin made up a 1.17-second deficit to claim her fourth world cup race this season and become the fourth youngest woman to win the title .
she is only the third non-european to win the slalom globe , following compatriot tamara mckinney in 1984 and canadian betsy clifford in 1971 .
no other non-european woman has won four world cup races in a season .
" i was freaking out , this time there was really too much emotion , " said shiffrin , who last month in austria was the youngest winner of the slalom title at a world championships since 1974 .
arlington , virginia ( cnn ) -- a suburban washington man was bitten monday by a rattlesnake that found its way into his luggage , a fire department spokesman said .
" he felt a sharp pain , brought his hand out and saw the bite , " said benjamin barksdale , assistant chief and chief fire marshal of the arlington county , virginia , fire department .
andrew bacas zipped his bag shut and called 911 at about 9:30 a.m. et , the official said .
" he was conscious and alert but a little anxious , " barksdale said of the victim .
the bite from the young eastern diamond rattlesnake was not life-threatening , and the man is being treated at inova fairfax hospital in falls church , he said .
" we took the bag outside and used a [ carbon dioxide ] fire extinguisher to freeze the snake , " killing it , barksdale said .
bacas , a high school rowing coach , had been on a six-day trip to summerton , south carolina , with about 80 students , said mike krulfeld , director of student activities at yorktown high school in arlington .
" it 's been rare to find a coach who is as well-liked and highly regarded as andy .
i would find it hard to believe they would do anything even in the name of a prank that would cause harm to him , " krulfeld said .
the web site of the school 's crew team warned members to take precautions unpacking from the trip , adding , " it 's advisable to open bags and unpack outdoors . "
( cnn ) -- a body discovered at churchill downs on sunday , a day after the storied louisville racetrack hosted the kentucky derby , may have been the victim of a homicide , police said .
workers in the barn area discovered the body early in the morning and notified track security , which called police , said robert biven , a spokesman for the louisville metropolitan police department .
" we just got the call just prior to 5 a.m. to respond to the backside " of the racetrack , biven told cnn .
police spokeswoman alicia smiley said police suspect foul play .
the body , which has not been identified , appears to be a latino man in his 30s or 40s , biven said .
" so we are trying to speak with as many people as we possibly can , " he said .
" we do have a few leads coming in . "
an autopsy is to be carried out monday morning .
biven described the track 's backside as " like a mini city , " with 48 barns , workers ' dormitories and areas where trainers live .
i 'll have another wins kentucky derby operations at the racetrack were to continue normally on sunday , churchill downs spokesman john asher said .
no races are scheduled at the track for three days , but cleanup from saturday 's race was to continue and the racetrack museum was to be open , he said .
atlanta ( cnn ) -- a georgia man was alone before his fatal fall from an upper level of atlanta 's turner field , police said tuesday , as they continue to investigate his death .
ronald l. homer , 30 , was attending monday night 's braves game against the phillies .
four witnesses told officers that they saw homer fall from the fourth level of the stadium during a rain delay in the game , the atlanta police department said .
" all the witnesses stated that there was ( sic ) no other people around mr. homer when he fell , " police said , adding there were no surveillance cameras at the scene .
police said the fall appeared to be accidental but that it was too early to tell if alcohol was a factor .
he was unconscious when emergency responders found him , but he died later at the hospital , police said .
an autopsy on homer is complete , but authorities are not releasing details , citing pending toxicology results , tami sedivy-schroder , an investigator with the fulton county medical examiner 's office , said tuesday .
homer 's mother , connie homer , told cnn affiliate wxia that he was a big braves fan who was attending the game with a friend .
he was big-hearted . "
" i 've never been limited in my ability to make a recommendation of any size or sort to the president of the united states , " dempsey told the house armed services committee on thursday , adding that he is always re-evaluating the situation in iraq .
dempsey told the committee that he could envision scenarios in which a u.s. ground contingent would be necessary in iraq , particularly if the coalition moves to retake mosul or the western border with syria .
" i 'm not predicting at this point that i would recommend that those forces in mosul and along the border would need to be accompanied by u.s. forces , " cautioned dempsey , " but we 're certainly considering it . "
rep. buck mckeon , r-california , the committee 's chairman , expressed concern about president obama 's consistent refusal to consider sending u.s. ground troops to the region .
" i will not support sending our military into harm 's way with their arms tied behind their backs , " mckeon said , adding he would block any congressional authorization that specifically barred sending ground forces .
and while dempsey said he would not rule out the need for u.s. ground troops in the future , he added : " i just do n't foresee a circumstance when it would be in our interest to take this fight on ourselves with a large military contingent . "
throughout the hearing , dempsey and defense secretary chuck hagel described a mission in iraq and syria that will likely be long and fraught with setbacks .
( cnn ) -- the british and irish lions held on for a 23-21 victory over australia saturday in a nail-biting first test in brisbane .
the opening match of the three-test series swung on a few key moments and the wallabies were left to count the cost of two late missed penalties from kurtley beale .
his first effort from just 30 meters out went wide of the posts and when presented with another chance from a little further out , beale cruelly slipped as he was making his attempt .
it left warren gatland 's men and the thousands of their supporters who had turned the suncorp stadium into a sea of red to celebrate a famous victory .
" it was relief , but we deserved to win that game , " gatland told reporters after his side 's narrow triumph .
they led 13-12 at halftime , despite two tries from australia wing israel folau , who was making a sensational debut just five months after switching to rugby union from rugby league and australian rules football .
right wing alex cuthbert went over for a second lions try -- again converted by halfpenny -- early in the second half -- to leave them 20-12 ahead .
james o'connor and replacement beale kicked two penalties to give the wallabies renewed hope , but the ever accurate halfpenny 's boot stretched the lead to 23-18 .
but after yet another careless infringement by the lions left beale with the opportunity to close the gap to just two points after his own surging run led to a penalty .
( cnn ) -- the man suspected to be at the center of the plot to send bombs from yemen to the united states is a saudi national who authorities believe has been living in yemen for the past three years .
the saudi government described al-asiri as an explosives and poison expert .
on friday , authorities in the united arab emirates and britain found two packages with explosives that were destined for synagogues in chicago , illinois .
u.s. investigators believe al qaeda bomb maker al-asiri , 28 , is linked to the packages .
the explosive found in the packages , petn , is the same as the material found in the december 2009 foiled underwear bomb attack in the united states .
it 's a highly explosive organic compound that belongs to the same chemical family as nitroglycerin .
six grams of petn are enough to blow a hole in the fuselage of an aircraft .
al-asiri 's brother , abdullah , also appeared on the saudi arabia 's most wanted list .
according to press accounts , it was ibrahim al-asiri who lured his brother to the jihadist movement .
the suicide bombing attempt failed to kill its target .
( cnn ) -- throughout his career as a television anchorman , walter cronkite had a few memorable run-ins with other powerful figures at cbs news , one of his producers told cnn .
walter cronkite occasionally butted heads with executives at cbs news , his former producer says .
" the first night up , he ended the show by saying , i 'm paraphrasing , ' that 's the news .
be sure to check your local newspapers tomorrow to get all the details on the headlines we are delivering to you . ' "
that did n't fly .
" the suits -- as we used to call them -- went crazy , " socolow told cnn , referring to cbs executives .
there was a storm . "
cbs news president richard salant met with cronkite , who initially resisted , then agreed to change his sign-off , socolow said .
watch friends and admirers weigh in on the death of a giant » " in the absence of anything else , he came up with ' that 's the way it is . ' "
but that too ruffled feathers , socolow said .
we ca n't do that in 15 minutes , ' which was the length of the show in those days .
' that 's not the way it is . ' "
still , cronkite persisted and that 's the way it was from then on .
watch what happened the one time cronkite failed to say it »
london ( cnn ) -- last night britain 's fashion elite gathered at the london coliseum for the 2013 british fashion awards .
nominees for the prestigious industry awards included models cara delevingne and edie campbell , and designers anya hindmarch and sarah burton .
during her glittering career she has appeared on 34 covers of british vogue .
she 's fronted campaigns for burberry and chanel .
and she 's remained one of the world 's best-paid models , even as twenty-somethings like hilary rhoda , lara stone and joan smalls have stomped onto the catwalk .
" oh my god .
it 's so weird , very very surreal , " she said on stage .
" thank you everyone who has worked with and kept booking me .
i am really very grateful . "
born to a barmaid and a travel agent in croydon , south london , modeling was not an obvious career move .
but in 1988 sarah doukas , the founder of storm model management , spotted moss at new york 's jfk airport , where moss was catching a connecting flight home after a family holiday to the bahamas .
standing just 5 ' 7 , her waifish look contrasted sharply with the likes of naomi campbell and cindy crawford , two of the leggy glamazons who dominated the runways at the time .
fidel castro , beset by illness , ceded power to his younger brother , raul , pictured , last year .
jorge g. castaneda , who served as mexico 's foreign minister from 2000 - 2003 , wrote in the march 23 issue of newsweek , which became public saturday , that deputy prime minister carlos lage davila and foreign minister felipe perez roque were concerned that raul castro would make concessions that would betray the 50-year-old cuban revolution .
" for at least a month or so , lage , perez roque and others were apparently involved in a conspiracy , betrayal , coup or whatever term one prefers , to overthrow or displace raul from his position , " castaneda wrote .
" in this endeavor , they recruited -- or were recruited by -- venezuela 's hugo chavez , who in turn tried to enlist the support of other latin american leaders , starting with leonel fernandez of the dominican republic , who refused to get involved . "
the venezuelan embassy in washington did not answer a verbal and written request for comment .
the dominican republic embassy in washington did not answer telephones calls at various numbers .
robert pastor , who served as a latin america national security adviser for president jimmy carter in the late 1970s , returned saturday from a weeklong visit to cuba .
pastor said he wrote castaneda a letter upon his return expressing his disbelief in castaneda 's contentions .
kaci hickox , a nurse placed under mandatory quarantine in new jersey , went on cnn on sunday and criticized the " knee-jerk reaction by politicians " to ebola , saying " to quarantine someone without a better plan in place , without more forethought , is just preposterous . "
hickox , an epidemiologist who was working to help treat ebola patients in sierra leone , has tested negative twice for ebola and does not have symptoms , she said .
" this is an extreme that is really unacceptable , and i feel like my basic human rights have been violated , " hickox told cnn 's candy crowley on " state of the union . "
she described herself as " physically strong " but " emotionally exhausted . "
she slammed new jersey gov. chris christie for describing her as " obviously ill . "
" first of all , i do n't think he 's a doctor ; secondly , he 's never laid eyes on me ; and thirdly , i 've been asymptomatic since i 've been here , " hickox told crowley sunday .
in a separate interview with cnn senior medical correspondent elizabeth cohen , hickox elaborated on what she thought of christie 's assessment of her medical condition .
" i 'm sorry , but that 's just a completely unacceptable statement in my opinion .
for ( christie ) -- a politician who 's trusted and respected -- to make a statement that 's categorically not true is just unacceptable and appalling . "
what would mandatory quarantines do ?
she 's not sick . "
hickox told crowley that mandatory quarantine is " not a sound public health decision " and that public health officials -- not politicians -- should be making the policies related to ebola and public safety .
( the frisky ) -- everyone 's favorite charmer , george clooney , is suiting up to play a hired assassin trying to get out of the profession after one last assignment in " the american . "
the flick comes out in september and it 's about time that clooney gave james bond a run for his money !
he 's charismatic , cheeky , and looks fantastic in a suit how can you go wrong ?
cue the " spy who shagged me " jokes .
matt damon 's made a pretty fantastic spy as jason bourne in " the bourne identity " and its sequels .
as a government assassin afflicted with amnesia , damon runs around trying to solve his identity crisis while the cia tries to kill him .
he makes the classic playboy spy stereotype seem crass with his boyish good looks and devotion to his lady love .
the frisky : amanda bynes is retiring at age 24 !
other young starlets we 'd like to see throw in the towel it 's hard to pinpoint who the sexiest bond was , but pierce brosnan did a good job of it in 1995 's " goldeneye . "
plus , brosnan is just so ridiculously pretty .
( cnn ) -- money talks -- that 's hardly a revelation , but the overriding feeling towards saturday 's david haye versus dereck chisora " circus fight " in london is shock and outrage that it could even take place .
with neither fighter holding a british boxing license , promoter frank warren had to resort to asking the little-known luxembourg federation to sanction the bout .
it has since been expelled from the european boxing union for agreeing to give legitimacy to an event that no-one else would touch .
their ugly scuffle at a press conference after chisora 's defeat by vitali klitschko , which haye attended , has set the scene for a showdown straight from the pages of the professional wrestling handbook .
chisora threatens to shoot haye " chisora 's not a nice guy , the fact he bites people in the ring , spits water in peoples ' faces , slaps people at weigh-ins , kisses people at weigh-ins .
what 's to like ? "
haye said this week .
boxing commentator steve bunce has compared haye and chisora 's munich brawl to lennox lewis ' pre-fight rumble with mike tyson a decade ago .
lewis punched tyson , and in exchange the american bit his leg .
this was heralded at the time as the biggest fight ever .
( cnn ) -- the man accused of hacking celebrities ' online accounts -- from which private images were ultimately posted on the internet -- says he became " addicted " to the intrusion and " did n't know how to stop . "
i know what i did was probably one of the worst invasions of privacy someone could experience , " christopher chaney told cnn affiliate waws/wtev in jacksonville , florida , wednesday .
" and these people do n't have privacy to begin with .
and i was in that little sliver of privacy they do have . "
federal authorities accuse the 35-year-old of hacking into accounts on computers and other devices belonging to more than 50 people , including movie stars scarlett johansson and mila kunis and singer christina aguilera .
chaney was indicted on charges of accessing protected computers without authorization , damaging protected computers , wiretapping and aggravated identity theft , officials said .
" unfortunately , mr. chaney was able to access nude photos of some of the celebrities and some of them were uploaded on the internet , " u.s. attorney andre birotte jr. said wednesday .
a recently circulated nude photo of johannsson is part of the investigation , he said .
the fbi 's los angeles office said he was arrested as part of " operation hackerazzi , " which looked into computer intrusions targeting individuals associated with the entertainment industry .
in the interview with waws/wtev , chaney said the hacking " started as curiosity and it turned into just being , you know , addicted to seeing the behind-the-scenes of what 's going on with these people you see on the big screen every day . "
long beach , california ( cnn ) -- taylor wilson is going to create a safer source of nuclear energy , help reduce the world 's stockpile of nuclear weapons , screen container ships for weapons and power manned missions to other planets .
but first ... he has to graduate high school in may .
jack andraka is going to bring his 3-cent screening test for pancreatic , ovarian and lung cancer to market -- an alternative to a standard $ 800 test .
the two teenagers with justin bieber style haircuts wowed the 1,400 people who attended ted2013 this week , fitting the conference 's theme : " the young .
they were among a number of youthful speakers who time magazine 's ruth davis konigsberg called " some of the biggest showstoppers at the annual event . "
by contrast , some of the older voices onstage struck notes that were far less hopeful .
northwestern university economist robert gordon declared that the era of strong economic growth in the united states is over -- as america faces the headwinds of an aging population , debt , inequality and educational weaknesses ; he argued that it 's hard to foresee innovations that could have the transformative effect electricity , indoor plumbing and the internal combustion engine had in powering growth in the past century .
former michigan gov. jennifer granholm , calling for a private sector-funded " race to the top " among states , lamented the inability of washington politicians to develop a national energy strategy .
she got laughs when she noted that congress ' approval rating is worse than lice , root canals and donald trump ( although better than that of gonorrhea and meth labs ) .
( cnn ) -- the u.s. will come face to face with the man who helped inspire the " miracle of medinah " once more when it faces europe at the 2014 ryder cup at gleneagles .
ian poulter , the man known as " mr ryder cup " will be part of the european side after securing a wildcard pick from captain paul mcginley .
poulter , 38 , won all four of his matches two years ago as europe came back from the brink to record an astonishing 14 ½ - 13 ½ victory .
westwood , who made his ryder cup debut in 1997 , has won 21 points in 37 matches and has appeared in eight editions of the competition .
gallacher , who will be playing in front of his home crowd , finished third at the italian open and only just missed out on automatic qualification .
" it was a very difficult conversation with him for a number of reasons , " mcginley told reporters ahead of the match getting under way on september 26 .
he has played in every ryder cup i 've been involved in apart from 2008 which we both missed .
" i 've partnered luke twice in 2004 and 2006 and vice-captained him in 2010 and 12 .
i forged a very strong relationship with him .
( cnn ) -- we love the glamor of alpine skiing , the glow of tradition , the glitz of stars like lindsey vonn , and the gumption of her quest to race the men .
freestyle skiing is taking over the olympics .
a global passion for taking two skis to new extremes is reaching its zenith , and the olympic movement has responded by adding a succession of new events to its program .
when slopestyle and ski halfpipe make their debut at the sochi 2014 winter games , freestyle skiers will for the first time have as many medals to aim at as their alpine counterparts .
and as fans are increasingly drawn to new , high-octane breeds of winter sport , so top athletes are making the switch too .
within two years she had become an x games gold medalist and world champion .
" alpine is so strict on rules .
ski cross is more relaxed , for free spirits or people looking for something more exciting than racing the clock . "
ski cross , a thrilling four-way straight fight to the finish line , blew the socks off tv audiences on its debut at vancouver 2010 , where serwa finished fifth overall .
for some , it made the blue riband downhill races look almost pedestrian .
serwa calls it the " dark side " of ski racing .
( cnn ) -- if barack obama could make three wishes , he would probably ask for the crisis in syria to go away .
that would help him receive another wish : getting reelected as president of the united states .
unfortunately for obama , and tragically for the people in syria , history has brought the american presidential campaign and the syrian revolution to the same pages of the calendar .
that means obama will do whatever he can , for as long as he can , to keep the carnage in syria from interfering with his reelection plan .
that means the killings in syria could go on longer than if the uprising had erupted during a nonelection year .
anyone who doubts that electoral considerations have become a major factor in u.s. foreign policy should look to obama 's own words from a few months ago .
after my election i have more flexibility . "
in this instance , obama was referring to the contentious issue of missile defense .
in robert caro 's new biography of president lyndon b. johnson , " the passage of power , " he describes how johnson made decisions about vietnam with an eye towards the elections .
caro concluded that " the steps he took had , as their unifying principle , an objective dictated largely by domestic â   indeed , personal â   political concerns . "
a court in eastern china sentenced bo xilai -- the former rising star of the ruling communist party who fell from power amid a scandal involving murder , betrayal and financial skullduggery -- to life in prison sunday .
the sentences , which came shortly after the guilty verdicts , surprised some analysts .
" i 'm actually a little bit surprised .
i think it 's a very strong verdict " compared to some previous cases , said yuhua wang , a political science professor at university of pennsylvania .
" he was a political star before falling from grace .
during the hearings of the politically sensitive trial that took place over several days last month , bo , 64 , denied the charges and strongly challenged the prosecution 's case against him , according to accounts published by the jinan intermediate people 's court .
the closely watched trial was considered to be much more transparent than most cases in china .
( cnn ) -- cristiano ronaldo scored the only goal of the match with a stunning backheel as real madrid beat rayo vallecano to stay 10 points clear in the spanish title race sunday .
real had to work hard to emerge on top in the capital derby at the vallecas while arch-rivals barcelona won 2-1 against atletico madrid in the late kickoff to avoid falling further behind jose mourinho 's men .
the reigning champions owed their win to a lionel messi free-kick in the 80th minute .
it was his 28th league goal of the season , one fewer than ronaldo .
dani alves opened the scoring on 36 minutes but radamel falcao equalized at the beginning of the second half for the home side .
earlier , the first half of the clash between the madrid rivals was short of chances , but rayo came closest to scoring as michu rattled the woodwork with iker casillas beaten .
ronaldo struck shortly after the break following a corner .
" a backheel is always different .
it was a great goal but i 'm not sure if it was the best of my career -- i have to see it again on tv , " ronaldo told afp .
jose callejon later wasted a chance to double the lead for los blancos to calm their nerves .
ronaldo was also denied a second by home keeper joel late on before the home side lost michu to a red card for a rash challenge .
all the hope , heartache and anxiety that go into it leave him feeling diminished .
but the colorado lawyer and amateur guitarist has managed to bottle up some of that energy , spending hundreds of hours creating what is both a tribute to aubrey sacco and a monument to his sorrow : a 14-song album he has published to internet vendors .
" finding aubrey " includes 11 songs written and performed by sacco at his home studio , as well as the last three songs aubrey herself recorded at home before the 23-year-old disappeared in april 2010 while hiking alone in nepal .
the case is unsolved , and the album -- for sale on itunes and other outlets -- is a fundraiser for an investigation into her disappearance .
" so many people who know us say , ' what is it like ? '
or ' i ca n't imagine what it 's like to have your daughter go missing , ' " paul sacco said in a phone interview .
" the album tells the whole story : feeling helpless , feeling like you want to celebrate your daughter , feeling like she may never come back and diminishing yourself as you look for her . "
aubrey disappeared toward the end of a five-month post-college trip in asia .
the 2009 university of colorado graduate , who had a double major in psychology and art , went to sri lanka to teach yoga to vacationers before traveling to india to study yoga and volunteer to help schoolchildren with music and art .
she hoped to do charitable work , perhaps hooking up with a nongovernmental organization abroad , her dad said .
but she vanished on the last stop of her trip , in nepal 's langtang national park , where she hiked for at least two days .
( cnn ) -- when jack nicklaus gives you advice , it pays to listen .
rory mcilroy did so last year , and he won his first major tournament .
mcilroy had intended to pay his first visit to the host course , san francisco 's olympic club , just days before the season 's second major tees off .
mcilroy had planned to go straight from muirfield village to memphis for this week 's st. jude classic in the hope that more competitive play would help restore the form that has made him the world 's most exciting young player .
" my wife has always had a statement , which is : ' there is no excuse for not being prepared , ' " the 72-year-old said .
" i know that there were times when i was n't prepared and i got exactly what i deserved -- nothing . "
woods revealed after his victory on sunday that he had visited olympic before the memorial , and that it had been perfect preparation .
germany coach joachim loew named a weakened side for the match -- and he was punished with the worse defeat in his four-and-a-half years in charge as australia secured one of their greatest-ever footballing victories .
the home side looked to be on course for victory when bayern munich striker mario gomez slotted the ball home from the edge of the area in the 26th minute .
and australia sealed a famous win just two minutes later when christian traesch fouled harry kewell in the area and luke wilkshire scored from the spot .
meanwhile , a last-gasp asamoah gyan goal gave ghana a 1-1 draw against england at wembley in an end-to-end encounter .
in front of a capacity crowd that included over 20,000 ghanaians , england took the lead when the most expensive english signing ever , andy carroll , fired home his first goal for his country .
elsewhere , in-form france were denied a seventh consecutive victory by croatia as the teams drew 0-0 in their friendly match at the stade de france .
bucharest , romania ( cnn ) -- romania 's president traian basescu was suspended on friday , after the impeachment motion filed by the ruling coalition passed the parliament 's vote .
romania 's coalition of social democrats and liberals argued their action by saying that president traian basescu has breached the constitution and overstepped his authority .
the motion passed with 256 votes , 39 more than the minimum required .
the country is expected to hold a referendum on july 29 , when romanians will have to vote whether they want basescu to remain in office .
during the suspension , national liberal party leader crin antonescu , who is also the president of the senate , will assume the interim presidency .
earlier this week , antonescu was appointed the president of the senate .
this position allows him to assume the president 's attributions , in case the latter is suspended , according to the constitution .
crin antonescu said on friday he is ready to step out of politics if basescu wins the referendum .
during his speech in parliament , before the vote , basescu accused the ruling coalition of taking control of the country 's judicial system and public institutions .
he also expressed concern about the country 's state of law and said this political turmoil will have long-term negative impacts on romania .
" take care of the country ! "
it is the second time basescu has faced suspension since he took the power , eight years ago .
the first time was in 2007 , after which he won a referendum and returned to office .
earlier on friday , romania 's constitutional court gave an ambiguous statement regarding the constitutional status of this impeachment motion .
the judges approved some of the points from the motion , but they did n't make it clear whether basescu has violated the constitution or not .
the court issued a statement saying that one of its judges , aspazia cojocaru , received threats prior to court debates on the impeachment motion .
( cnn ) -- inter milan are once again five points behind rivals ac milan at the top of the italian serie a table after crushing genoa 5-2 at the san siro on sunday .
but the defending champions had to come from behind to claim the three points , genoa leading 1-0 at the break after rodrigo palacio fired home following good work from abdoulay konko .
however , inter were a different side in the second-half and three goals in seven minutes completely turned the match around .
the home side leveled in the 50th minute when giampaolo mazzini slotted home maicon 's cross and they took the lead a minute later when samuel eto'o converted a rebound after goran pandev 's shot was fumbled by goalkeeper eduardo .
and eto'o added his second goal just six minutes later with a superb individual effort , the cameroon striker 's 18th goal of the season .
goran pandev made it 4-1 in the 68th minute , after being set-up by eto'o and wesley sneijder , and yuto nagatomo netted his first goal for the club to complete the scoring .
mauro boselli 's late header proved little more than a consolation goal for the visitors .
meanwhile , third-placed napoli lost more ground on the top two after being held to a goalless draw by lowly brescia at the san paolo , with coach walter mazzarri sent to the stands in the first half for arguing with the referee .
the naples side are now eight points off the top and just two points ahead of fourth placed lazio , who saw off palermo 2-0 thanks to an early double from giuseppe sculli .
( cnn ) -- serena williams fended off a stirring fightback from agnieszka radwanska to win her fifth wimbledon singles title with a 6-1 5-7 6-2 victory saturday .
it was the 30-year-old american 's 14th grand slam crown and her first since winning at the all england club in 2010 , but poland 's radwanska made her fight every inch of the way .
suffering from a respiratory problem and trailing after a one-sided first set , radwanska recovered from a break down in the second to give williams a real centre court scare .
after leveling at one set all , radwanska took a 2-1 lead in the decider before williams romped to victory with a run of five straight games .
she celebrated by climbing into the players ' box to embrace her sister venus and other close connections including her physiotherapist esther lee .
williams spent almost a year on the sidelines , being struck by first injury then serious illness after being laid low by dangerous blood clots .
historic victories , crushing defeats at wimbledon a visibly emotional williams showed how much victory meant to her in her post-match interview .
" i ca n't describe it .
i almost did n't make it a few years ago .
i was in hospital and i thought i 'd never be here again , so this makes it so worth it , " she said .
" it 's all the sweeter .
i was so down but you never give up .
you have to continue , " she added .
williams has capped her steady return to the top with an emphatic performance on the grass courts , particularly since the quarterfinals where she dispatched reigning champion petra kvitova .
( cnn ) -- the leader of an apocalyptic new mexico church who claims to be the messiah was arrested tuesday on sex charges , state police said .
wayne bent , who also goes by the name michael travesser , was arrested at the compound that is home to his lord our righteousness church , called strong city by members .
he was being interviewed , state police spokesman peter olson said .
the arrests come after three children were removed from the compound late last month .
a post on the group 's web site said bent was arrested tuesday morning .
" i was told by the agent in charge of the case that the arrest warrant specified charges of three counts of sexual contact with a minor , and three counts of contributing to the delinquency of a minor , " said the post , written by an unnamed follower .
" the bail was set at half a million dollars . "
the writer said sect members were questioned at a state police office in clayton , new mexico , and promised to update the site with " a more complete response to these false charges . "
the lord our righteousness church was founded in 1987 by former seventh-day adventists , according to the group 's web site .
a post from monday written by bent said , " the current upheaval over me and the present contest is well under way .
it was the same for jesus .
jesus had not committed any crimes , so the authorities had to invent some crimes to crucify him over .
dallas , texas ( cnn ) -- texas terrorism suspect hosam smadi recorded a seven-minute video message for al qaeda mastermind osama bin laden before his arrest on charges of plotting to blow up a dallas building , an fbi agent testified monday .
hosam maher husein smadi said through his lawyer that he understood the charges friday .
but fbi special agent thomas petrowski said the video was recorded in a hotel room with the assistance of undercover fbi operatives and smadi intended for it to be delivered to or seen by bin laden , the fugitive leader of the terrorist network behind the september 11 , 2001 , attacks on new york and washington .
smadi , a 19-year-old jordanian living in the united states illegally , is charged with plotting to set off a bomb at the base of the 60-story fountain plaza office tower in downtown dallas .
he was arrested september 24 after federal agents said he tried to trigger an improvised bomb attached to a vehicle at the base of the building .
at a brief hearing in dallas on monday , magistrate judge irma ramirez ordered smadi bound over for future hearings .
peter fleury , the public defender representing smadi , told reporters that his client remains held under immigration law , with no bail set .
fleury called his client " a scared 19-year-old kid held away from his family , " who could face additional charges from a grand jury .
prosecutors do n't have to share the evidence against smadi until after a grand jury acts , so lawyers do n't know the full extent of the case against him , fleury said .
( cnn ) -- sudanese president omar hassan al-bashir , facing an international arrest warrant , is paying the price for pandering to the west , al qaeda 's second-in-command said in an audio statement released tuesday .
ayman al-zawahiri , seen here in 2007 , said tuesday the sudanese president pandered to the west .
" i am not defending omar al-bashir or his regime , nor am i defending what it has done in darfur and elsewhere , " ayman al-zawahiri said in the statement released by al qaeda 's production company , as-sahab media .
but , he said , " the issue is n't one of darfur and solving its problems ; the issue is one of making excuses for more foreign interference in the muslims ' countries in the framework of the contemporary zionist crusade . "
the warrant issued by the international criminal court earlier this month accuses al-bashir of war crimes and crimes against humanity , charges he denies .
in response , sudan ordered 13 international aid groups to leave the country , groups that the united nations says provide roughly half the assistance delivered in darfur .
" for many long years , it continued to back down and backtrack in front of american crusader pressure . "
he further accused sudan of expelling members of the mujahedeen who had sought refuge there , particularly osama bin laden , and declaring " in an audacious lie that they had left voluntarily , then attempting to beg payment for that from the saudi regime and the americans . "
al-zawahiri asked , " why has n't the united nations moved to protect the palestinians in gaza from israeli barbarity and criminality , while it pretends to cry over the suffering of the people of darfur ?
why has n't the united nations and the international community intervened to lift the siege from gaza , while it pretends to cry over the people of darfur being deprived of relief and aid ? "
the accused attacker was been identified as 16-year-old alex hribal , according to a criminal complaint made public .
hribal , who was arraigned as an adult , faces four counts of attempted homicide , 21 counts of aggravated assault and one count of possession of a weapon on school grounds , the documents show .
" i 'm not sure he knows what he did , quite frankly , " hribal 's attorney , patrick thomassey , said , adding he would file a motion to move the case to juvenile court . "
... we have to make sure that he understands the nature of the charges and what 's going on here .
it 's important that he be examined by a psychiatrist and determined where he is mentally . "
a doctor who treated six of the victims , primarily teens , said at first they did not know they had been stabbed .
" they just felt pain and noticed they were bleeding , " dr. timothy vanfleet , chief of emergency medicine at the university of pittsburgh medical center , told cnn .
" almost all of them said they did n't see anyone coming at them .
there 's a question whether the victim will survive , peck said .
( cnn ) -- guatemalan president alvaro colom has dismissed an allegation that he was behind the death of a lawyer who left a video blaming the president if anything happened to him .
a video with rodrigo rosenberg appears on youtube in which he accuses guatemala 's leader in his death .
the lawyer , rodrigo rosenberg , was shot and killed sunday while riding a bicycle in guatemala city .
on monday , a video surfaced in which rosenberg -- seated behind a desk and calmly speaking into a microphone -- linked colom and an aide to his death .
" if you are watching this message , " rosenberg said on the video , " it is because i was assassinated by president alvaro colom , with help from gustavo alejos , " the president 's private secretary .
rosenberg mentions a third person who he believes would have been involved in his death and also mentions those three people as well as the president 's wife in connection with two killings last month .
in a broadcast to the nation monday night , colom denied any connection .
" we categorically reject the accusations that pretend to tie the president , first lady and private secretary as those responsible for this assassination , " colom said .
a dated and signed transcript of the video 's content indicates rosenberg made the recording last week .
it surfaced monday after his funeral , and was posted on youtube and distributed to other media outlets by the newspaper el periodico de guatemala .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- a lawyer who filed a teen sex abuse lawsuit against " x-men " director bryan singer said three more " hollywood types " will be targeted in similar suits soon .
michael egan , who accuses singer of sexually abusing him starting when he was 15 , appeared with attorney jeff herman at a news conference in beverly hills on thursday .
" there was no relationship . "
the civil suit filed in u.s. district court in hawaii on wednesday alleged that singer offered the aspiring teen actor a role in an " x-men " film if he gave in to his sexual demands , while threatening to destroy his career if he did n't .
singer 's representative said the accusations were " completely without merit . "
" we are very confident that bryan will be vindicated in this absurd and defamatory lawsuit , " singer 's representative said .
" it is obvious that this case was filed in an attempt to get publicity at the time when bryan ' s new movie is about to open in a few weeks . "
singer is one of hollywood 's most successful directors and producers , having directed two installments of the " x-men " film franchise and a superman movie in the past 15 years .
fox , the studio distributing the x-men movies , issued a statement about the accusations thursday .
" these are serious allegations , and they will be resolved in the appropriate forum .
this is a personal matter , which bryan singer and his representatives are addressing separately . "
london ( cnn ) -- it 's a scene straight out of cinderella : a princess in her royal wedding dress , riding in a horse-drawn carriage through majestic streets .
that 's just what kate middleton may look like on her wedding day next month .
buckingham palace announced tuesday that a century-old gold-trimmed royal carriage will carry the new princess and her prince , william , from westminster abbey through central london to the palace .
the same carriage -- called the 1902 state landau -- has carried previous royal brides on their wedding days .
william 's mother , lady diana spencer , rode in it in 1981 after her marriage to prince charles , and sarah ferguson traveled in it five years later after she wed prince andrew .
it is an open-top carriage , so if it rains , the new royal couple will instead travel in the enclosed glass coach , another historic carriage , the palace announced .
the glass coach was built in 1881 and purchased for use at king george v 's coronation in 1911 .
the wedding procession will take in some of central london 's most famous sights .
after leaving the abbey , it will pass the houses of parliament and big ben , the prime minister 's residence at downing street , the horse guards parade and the mall : the long avenue that stretches from trafalgar square past st. james 's park , straight to buckingham palace .
( cnn ) -- a man has admitted he killed his uncle 's 6-year-old stepdaughter , whose body was found in a louisiana trash can this week , a spokesman for the jefferson parish sheriff 's office said wednesday .
matthew flugence admitted to detectives wednesday morning that he stabbed ahlittia north , a girl he previously babysat , over the weekend , col. john fortunato said .
flugence , 20 , was arrested in the case on tuesday , the day authorities found ahlittia 's body in a trash can down the street from her mother and stepfather 's apartment in the new orleans suburb of harvey .
flugence , who had an outstanding warrant charging him with sexually assaulting an 11-year-old girl last year , has been charged with murder in ahlittia 's death , fortunato said .
" i think that speaks for itself . "
russell flugence had information about the crime that he did n't come forward with , and he also had information implicating his brother , the sheriff asserted .
matthew flugence told investigators that he killed ahlittia after finding her early saturday outside the harvey apartment where her mother and her stepfather -- flugence 's uncle -- lived , normand said wednesday . "
( flugence 's ) story is ( that ) in the early morning hours ... he happened to see her out and about , and he was out and about , walking through the neighborhood , " normand said .
he died at home wednesday surrounded by his family and loved ones , his daughter , felicia taylor , said in a statement .
no cause of death was given .
being an actor was his passion -- calling it an honorable art and something he could n't live without , " she said .
rod taylor appeared in dozens of films , including " the time machine , " " the train robbers " and " sunday in new york . "
" there are so many incredible feelings i have for him , " said tippi hedren , his co-star in " the birds . "
" rod was a great pal to me ... we were very , very good friends , " she said .
" he was one of the most fun people i have ever met , thoughtful and classy , there was everything good in that man . "
he attended a fine arts college and a theater school in his hometown before heading to hollywood in the 1950s .
in his final role , he played winston churchill in the 2009 movie , " inglourious basterds , " with brad pitt .
taylor is survived by his wife of more than three decades , carol , and his daughter , felicia , a former cnn news correspondent .
people we 've lost in 2015 cnn 's veronica george contributed to this report
brigette mccoy described how she was raped on her first military assignment , two weeks before her 19th birthday .
she described how , later that year , she was raped by another soldier in her unit .
testifying before lawmakers , the former army specialist described the " anguish " and " entrapment " she felt , and the horror of the ordeal that followed .
" it even starts at recruitment , " she said .
mccoy was one of four alleged victims who testified wednesday about a problem the military has acknowledged .
about 19,000 men and women suffer sexual assault each year in the military , former defense secretary leon panetta said , though he noted that only about 3,200 assaults were reported .
in painful , dramatic testimony , three women and one man , all of whom have left the military , described their suffering -- and explained why , in some cases , they never filed reports .
park 's opening goal in the semifinal second leg against arsenal set the tone for united 's return to the final .
however , his starting role in the match wo n't be one he 'll remember with great fondness .
his manchester united side were outplayed as they lost 2-0 to spanish side fc barcelona .
profile : park ji-sung still , the loss ca n't take away from what was a great season for the south korean .
park was a key player for united throughout their european campaign this season , even scoring in his side 's 3-0 second-leg win over arsenal which sealed their passage to the final .
park ji-sung speaks to cnn » it is a memory that park told cnn he was keen to banish : " it would be amazing to me ( to play ) as i missed out last season .
i believed i would get there again but never thought it would be so soon .
hopefully , this time i will be there . "
( cnn ) -- railroad ties , cement pilings and other debris reportedly mark the entrance to marcus and partricia faella 's rural florida compound , situated on the edge of a wildlife management area marketed by tourism officials as a good spot for hikers , campers and bird watchers .
look closer and , according to police documents , you 'd see shooting slits cut into the side of the couple 's trailer , maybe even some military-grade ordinance scattered around the property .
on monday , authorities said they had arrested the faellas and five other members of the group , which is also known by its initials af , on charges of illegal paramilitary training , attempting to shoot into an occupied dwelling and evidence of prejudice while committing a crime .
" faella views himself and the other members of the af as the protectors of the white race , " investigators wrote in an affidavit .
" faella has stated his intent during the race war is to kill jews , immigrants and other minorities . "
more immediately , according to police , faella was planning to stage provocative disruptions at the orlando city hall and at a melbourne , florida , anarchist gathering that included members of anti-racist skinhead groups .
faella , the police documents say , wanted to stir up media attention to help gain new recruits for american front , which hate-tracking groups says has been faltering since the death of its leader , david lynch , in california .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- the palestinian maker of a film nominated for an oscar was briefly detained by u.s. officials who questioned the validity of his academy awards invitation as he and his family arrived in los angeles for this weekend 's event , his publicist told cnn on wednesday .
the brief detention of emad burnat , a west bank farmer who spent five years making his " 5 broken cameras " home video in his village of bil ' in , was quickly criticized by fellow documentary filmmaker michael moore , whom burnat had contacted for help while being questioned at los angeles international airport .
u.s. authorities also placed burnat 's wife and 8-year-old son , gibreel , in a holding area at the airport tuesday night , moore said on his twitter account .
" apparently the immigration & customs officers could n't understand how a palestinian could be an oscar nominee .
emad texted me for help , " moore tweeted .
welcome to america . "
2013 oscars : get to know the best actor nominees julia pacetti , burnat 's publicist , told cnn that burnat e-mailed her and moore about how " immigration authorities were telling him he needed to give them a reason for his visit .
" he asked me to send his invitation to the oscars .
burnat told moore that " it 's nothing i 'm not already used to " and " when u live under occupation , with no rights , this is a daily occurrence , " moore wrote on his twitter account .
washington ( cnn ) updates on scott walker , marco rubio and john kasich , an economic twist on the old adage " all politics is local , " and an overseas vote where president obama would love to see an anti-incumbent backlash -- those stories filled our sunday trip around the " inside politics " table .
but it 's no secret president obama is no fan of benjamin netanyahu , and the israeli prime minister 's recent address to a joint meeting of the congress exposed the rawness of the relationship .
so as the votes are counted and the coalitions debated in the week ahead , the white house has both a personal and professional interest .
" now , israel 's political system is so complicated that even if ( netanyahu 's ) party ends up not being the leading party , there are scenarios where he could end up in a governing coalition , " said inskeep .
" but it 's interesting to note that isaac herzog , the labor party leader , who 's his biggest challenger , wants to change israel 's approach to the world -- has been talking about trying to end israel 's isolation in the world , which would suggest changing a lot of policies that have infuriated this white house or frustrated this white house over the last several years . "
take ben schlappig .
half of those , he estimates , were earned on " mile runs " -- trips taken for the sole purpose of earning points .
recently , he completed a dizzying , non-stop trip ( london-new york-los angeles-honolulu-los angeles-london-miami-london-los angeles-london ) that would set most people 's heads spinning .
it took four days ( three of which were spent almost completely on a plane ) , and he accrued 270,000 miles .
he admits that the journey was exhausting , but ultimately worth it .
" to put it into some kind of perspective , it 's enough miles for two first-class tickets between the u.s. and asia , " he notes .
" if i would have paid cash for them , they would have each cost me over $ 20,000 . "
december -- which marks the last opportunity for many frequent fliers to earn enough to gain ( or maintain ) their elite statuses -- is mile-run season .
in the past , the trick was looking for a cheap ticket that went the distance , as miles earned were calculated by , well , miles flown .
this year , that is all set to change .
" in 33 years of frequent flier programs , this is the year of the biggest changes ever , " says randy petersen , founder of the online travel forum flyertalk and ceo of frequent flyer services , which offers guidance to road warriors the world over .
" some of the world 's largest frequent flier programs are going to a revenue model , " he explains , noting that come this year , many programs will start awarding members based on how much they spend , not how far they fly .
the man who jumped the white house fence earlier this month and breached the mansion 's doors actually made it farther than originally thought , officials said monday .
rep. jason chaffetz , who was provided the information by whistleblowers during his congressional investigation into the incident , also confirmed the details of what now appears to be a wild chase through the main floor of the white house , first reported by the washington post .
the secret service had previously stated that gonzalez was stopped after entering the front door of the north portico .
no shots were fired inside the white house , the federal law official said .
official : secret service twice interviewed , released would-be white house intruder the secret service has not yet commented on the new details .
" i could not be more proud of the individual agents , but i worry that director ( julia ) pierson and the leadership there at the secret service is failing them , " chaffetz said monday on " the situation room with wolf blitzer . "
friends he laughed with earlier in the day fell one by one in a gunman 's hail of fire .
he survived to tell a horrifying tale saturday .
the shooter came after them , screaming .
pracon was one of the last ones remaining between the shooter and the water and did n't have time to take his heavy clothes or boots off .
about 100 meters into the chilly water , he realized he would not make it .
he would drown with all that weight .
i already swallowed too much water , " he said .
" i felt the clothes pulling me down . "
he managed to swim back to shore and crouched behind a boulder with others .
he was sure to get a direct hit .
pracon thought he was going to die .
he carried three guns , he said .
at times , he shot those guns with disarming calm , like he was shooting photographs .
he even smiled , fagerheim said .
pracon was surprised to hear the shooter speaking norwegian .
he was certain a compatriot could never commit such a heinous act .
tripoli , libya ( cnn ) -- libya 's transitional government picked an engineering professor and longtime exile as its acting prime minister monday , with the new leader pledging to respect human rights and international law .
the national transitional council elected abdurrahim el-keib , an electrical engineer who has held teaching posts at the university of alabama and abu dhabi 's petroleum institute , to the post with the support of 26 of the 51 members who voted .
el-keib emerged victorious from a field that initially included 10 candidates .
" it 's been 42 years with our friends and people all around the world dealing with a brutal dictator , so concerns are in order , but i want to tell you there should be none of those .
" we expect the world to understand that we have national interests as well , and we expect them to respect this , " he said .
" in fact , we demand respect of our national rights and national interests .
in return , we promise respect and dealing according to international law . "
but in response to questions about allegations of human rights abuses by the revolutionary forces that toppled longtime strongman moammar ggadhafi , el-keib said libyans needed time to sort things out .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- the pakistani taliban vowed thursday to carry out attacks against india to avenge the death of a man executed by indian authorities for his role in the 2008 terrorist assault on mumbai .
mohammed ajmal kasab , a pakistani , was hanged wednesday in pune , a city southeast of mumbai .
he was the lone surviving gunman from the attacks in india 's financial capital in november 2008 that killed more than 160 people .
read more : who are the pakistani taliban ?
ihsanullah ihsan , the spokesman for the pakistani taliban , said the militant group would conduct various attacks in india in response to the execution .
he did n't provide further details .
the pakistani taliban , who are closely linked with their namesake in afghanistan and with al qaeda , operate in the ungoverned area that sits on the border of pakistan and afghanistan .
read more : mumbai attack survivor : ' it 's like a dead man living ' india has requested extra protection for its diplomats in pakistan following the execution , said j.p. singh , an official at india 's ministry of external affairs .
india executes last mumbai gunman he said the ministry had no immediate comment on the threat from the taliban .
he criticized the pakistani government , saying it had failed by not requesting the return of the body .
read more : the mumbai attacks : getting the story amid chaos indian authorities said wednesday that kasab had been buried in the " surrounding area " of the jail where he was hanged .
they did n't say what kind of burial rites had been performed .
( cnn ) -- michael jordan once summed up his social and political activism in four simple words : " republicans buy sneakers , too . "
in a world where athletes and celebrities seem more willing to attach their names to high-priced sneakers and headphones than real-world issues , many are thrusting themselves directly into an uncomfortable national debate over police brutality and racial injustice .
it 's not only people with prominent names ; there are medical students , congressional staffers , a university president and even a northern california police chief .
a spate of controversial police slayings of unarmed black men served as the catalyst .
but the case of eric garner , a new york grandfather who was put in a fatal chokehold by a police officer trying to arrest him for selling cigarettes illegally , has resonated with whites and nonwhites alike .
commentators across the political spectrum have united to condemn last week 's decision by a grand jury not to indict white new york police officer daniel pantaleo in garner 's death , which was captured on a video seen around the globe .
according to pantaleo 's lawyer , the officer says he did n't use a chokehold on garner .
that decision was met with violent demonstrations in ferguson and largely peaceful protests throughout the nation .
on november 3 , five st. louis rams players infuriated some people with a silent message before a game against the oakland raiders .
stedman bailey , tavon austin , jared cook , chris givens and kenny britt walked onto the field and raised their palms in the air , demonstrating the " hands up , do n't shoot " gesture protesters in ferguson had been using for months .
in the wrenching hours and days since the tornado , the boy 's father , mike hare , said he 'd searched hospitals and continually called his son 's cell phone , getting no answer .
" it rang for the first day and a half , and now it goes straight to voice mail .
but just in case he gets it , i want him to know his dad loves him , " the father said earlier this week .
lantz hare was among those on the list , released thursday by the missouri department of public safety , of 232 people from the southwest missouri city for whom missing persons reports have been filled out .
at least 126 people in joplin had died due to the storm as of thursday night , said newton county coroner mark bridges .
the hares were among many around joplin , still desparately searching for missing loved ones and clinging to hope .
christina , caleb and robert hayward , for instance , have not seen their mother since the tornado .
" she went for pizza and never came back .
it was three , four hours , and we knew , " robert hayward said wednesday .
" we all miss her .
she was a great person .
she did n't deserve this at all .
any one of us would trade places with her . "
( cnn ) -- uncertainty over the fate of missing malaysia airlines flight 370 was further compounded saturday by reports that two men whose names matched those on the passenger manifest had reported their passports stolen .
malaysian authorities apparently did not check the stolen documents on an international law enforcement agency database , cnn has learned .
the austrian citizen was safe and sound , and his passport had been stolen two years ago , austrian foreign ministry spokesman martin weiss said .
similarly , italy 's foreign ministry confirmed that no italians were on the flight , even though an italian was listed on the manifest .
malaysian officials said they were aware of reports that the italian 's passport was also stolen but had not confirmed it .
on saturday , italian police visited the home of the parents of luigi maraldi , the man whose name appeared on the manifest , to inform them about the missing flight , said a police official in cesena , in northern italy .
maraldi 's father , walter , told police that he had just spoken to his son , who was fine and not on the missing flight , said the official , who is not authorized to speak to the media .
maraldi was vacationing in thailand , his father said .
the police official said that maraldi had reported his passport stolen in malaysia last august and had obtained a new one .
u.s. law enforcement sources , however , told cnn they 've been told that both documents were stolen in thailand .
it 's not that he would n't make a strong candidate for the gop .
it 's that the thought of a third bush in the white house feels distinctly un-american .
like you 're all giving up on the whole " revolution " thing in favor of english-style aristocracy .
speculation was reignited -- one suspects entirely by accident -- when george p. bush told abc that his father is " giving [ the presidency ] serious thought and moving ... forward . "
i 've heard the opposite , that the candidate has n't quite got the requisite enthusiasm .
he also has plenty of weaknesses hidden by the fact that he has n't declared yet ( voters are always far keener on people who are n't officially running than those who are ) .
as chris cillizza wrote in the washington post , the former florida governor 's polling is unspectacular , he disagrees with the gop base on some important issues and his patrician tone is better-suited to a general election than to a primary campaign .
he has gravitas , executive experience in a major state and a record of winning votes among the groups to which republicans know they need to reach out .
( cnn ) -- a 7-year-old georgia girl fought off a man who 'd grabbed her in the aisle of a walmart , with police eventually tracking down the suspect they accuse of attempted kidnapping .
georgeann baxter told hln 's jane velez-mitchell that she was in the bremen store with her daughter , brittney , on wednesday .
" we were walking around the walmart , and we felt safe , " the mother said , talking about how they were looking at valentine 's day cards and toys in the west georgia store , about 45 miles west of atlanta .
when baxter asked her daughter if she wanted to join her to get strawberries , the girl said that she wanted to stay in the toy aisle for a few more minutes .
soon thereafter , surveillance video from the walmart -- later released by bremen police -- shows a man approaching her .
" he came up to me and started a conversation , " brittney recalled thursday to hln .
" after ... i said , ' i 'm going to get my mommy . "
the man is seen in the video picking up the young girl and starting to carry her away , as she flailed .
brittney said she responded as she 'd been taught by family , including her brother in the u.s. army , and a school counselor in a lesson on how to respond if you 're touched inappropriately .
" punch , kick and scream as hard as you can , and then tell somebody that you trust , " she said of what she did -- and what she 'd tell others to do , if they 're in the same situation .
eventually , the man put the girl down and fled the store .
police later caught and arrested thomas woods , whom they accuse of trying to kidnap brittney .
( cnn ) -- jodi arias and her legal team began fighting for her life tuesday when a new jury heard opening arguments on whether she should receive a life or death sentence for her murder conviction .
it 's been a long legal journey for arias , 34 , whom a jury found guilty last year of first-degree murder in the gruesome killing of ex-boyfriend travis alexander , 30 .
this week 's court proceeding in arizona is a retrial of the penalty phase .
in 2013 , the same jury that convicted her became deadlocked later on whether she should be executed for the 2008 murder of alexander , who was stabbed 29 times , shot in the face and had his neck slit from ear to ear .
the impasse came when the jury voted 8-4 in favor of the death penalty for arias , a source with knowledge of the jury 's vote said at the time .
" the tale of this relationship is one of infinite sadness , " arias 's lawyer , kirk nurmi , told the jury ontuesday .
nurmi said arias went through an abusive childhood and developed a personality disorder early in life but had never committed a crime before the killing .
she also suffered emotional abuse at the hands of alexander , he said .
the only appropriate sentence is life in prison , nurmi concluded .
the prosecutor in the case , juan martinez , cast doubt on arias 's feelings toward alexander , saying " she loved him so much that after she slaughtered him she showed up at his memorial service . "
( cnn ) -- an 11-mile stretch of the mississippi river near greenville , mississippi , was closed monday to most vessel traffic because of low water levels , idling nearly a hundred boats and barges in the stream , according to the u.s. coast guard .
" we are allowing a limited number of vessels based on size " to attempt to pass , said new orleans-based coast guard spokesman ryan tippets , adding that the closure was affecting 97 vessels monday afternoon and was halting both northbound and southbound traffic .
salt creeping up the mississippi river this same area near greenville , which sees about 50 vessels pass on an average day , has been closed " intermittently " since august 12 , when a vessel ran aground , said tippets .
the coast guard and the army corps of engineers have continued surveying the area and deemed it " dangerous for vessels to travel through , " he said .
the army corps of engineers also has being dredging in the area to deepen the channel and help navigation .
complete coverage of the drought a historic drought and excessive heat have reduced water levels and scorched wide sections of the u.s. midwest .
tippiets said he was unsure when the river would reopen or , once that happens , how long it would take to undo the gridlock .
interactive map : watch drought overtake u.s. are you affected by the drought ?
let us know on cnn ireport .
former nfl commissioner paul tagliabue on tuesday rescinded punishments against four players in the new orleans saints bounty scandal .
the ruling overturned a decision made in october by roger goodell , the current commissioner , against jonathan vilma , anthony hargrove , will smith and scott fujita .
si : goodell the big loser here under the bounty program , tagliabue wrote , saints players were given incentives during the 2009 through 2011 seasons to render opposing players unable to play .
they were called " cartoffs " and " knockouts . "
in october , after he upheld suspensions , goodell appointed tagliabue to review player appeals .
in his 18-page order , tagliabue found that fujita 's actions " were not conduct detrimental " and vacated a one-game suspension imposed by goodell .
tagliabue found that hargrove , smith and vilma engaged in " conduct detrimental to the integrity of , and public confidence in , the game of professional football , " but ordered their punishments also be rescinded .
goodell found that hargrove falsely answered an nfl investigator 's questions about the misconduct .
but tagliabue said it was not clear hargrove lied about the program and noted that he was " under tremendous pressure to follow the chain of command in order to keep his job . "
tagliabue concluded that there was insufficient evidence that hargrove 's alleged misconduct merited a suspension .
( cnn ) -- the northwestern football union case is going to capitol hill next week .
minnesota republican john kline , chairman of the house education and workforce committee , said in a news release that the committee will hold hearings thursday on the national labor relations board 's recent decision to categorize football players at northwestern university as employees who can unionize and seek benefits .
" the nlrb 's decision represents a radical departure from longstanding federal labor policies , " kline said .
the committee has a responsibility to thoroughly examine how the nlrb 's decision will affect students and their ability to receive a quality education . "
kline is n't alone in his skepticism .
the ruling has been divisive within the world of college sport and in politics .
the communications director for the committee , alexandra haynes sollberger , told cnn that a witness list for the hearing has not yet been released .
team holds union vote , but result is cliffhanger when contacted friday afternoon , ramogi huma , a leading force behind the union and the president of the national college players association , said he had just learned of the hearing and did n't have any details .
the judge ruled they often have to devote more than 40 hours a week to sport and sometimes sacrifice classwork .
spielberg , austria ( cnn ) -- inside the red bull ring -- home to the returning austrian grand prix -- mercedes toreadors nico rosberg and lewis hamilton were effectively left to slog it out by their peers in sunday 's race .
the two mercedes circled each other like silver sharks in the final 20 laps around the undulating circuit but each time hamilton bit into rosberg 's lead , the german responded .
there was to be no final attack and rosberg took a third win of the season to stretch his lead in the 2014 formula one drivers ' championship to 29 points .
i 'm more or less taking it step by step , and every weekend my aim is to extend the lead .
" it worked out well and i 'm extremely happy with the result . "
interactive : results and standings hamilton had hampered his chances of clawing back ground on his rival and long-term friend after making a mistake in qualifying saturday .
the 2008 champion 's fastest time was scratched because he infringed the rules by running wide at turn eight and he then spun on this second attempt to grab pole position .
hamilton made amends sunday with a sensational start , which saw him jump five places on the opening lap .
( hlntv.com ) -- the father of two southern california children who went missing after their mother was killed pleaded tuesday for their suspected abductor to release his daughter .
a massive manhunt is under way for james dimaggio , whom law enforcement authorities describe as a friend of the mother , christina anderson .
the whereabouts of anderson 's children , hannah , 16 , and ethan , 8 , are unknown .
" jim , i ca n't fathom what you were thinking .
" hannah , we all love you very much .
if you have a chance , you take it , you run .
you 'll be found , " he said .
the father did not mention ethan in his remarks , prompting a reporter to ask san diego sheriff 's department lt. glenn giannantonio whether the child 's remains might be those of the boy .
" we do n't know who that is that was found in the rubble .
it 's a possibility that 's another child that we have n't identified yet , or do n't realize is missing yet , " giannantonio said .
" right now , we just do n't know , and we 're praying that it was n't ethan , " he said .
authorities are following up on tips and casting a wide net for dimaggio and the children .
" we 've received some information that either texas or canada may have been the destination he was heading to .
realistically , we do n't know where they 're going , " giannantonio said .
" we 're looking everywhere . "
new york ( cnn ) -- brooke astor 's son got one to three years in prison monday for scheming to bilk millions of dollars from the late philanthropist 's estate .
anthony marshall , 85 , had been found guilty of 14 of the 15 counts against him .
marshall was convicted in october of the most serious charges -- first-degree grand larceny and scheming to defraud .
he faced a minimum of one to three years , or as much as eight to 25 years in state prison .
marshall 's wife , charlene , sobbed after hearing the sentence as supporters hugged her .
one of the most serious convictions involved marshall giving himself a $ 1 million-a-year raise for handling his mother 's affairs , said assistant district attorney joel seidemann .
he objected to bail pending appeal but told the judge he had no problem with marshall staying out of prison until the first of the year .
defense attorneys argued monday for the lowest sentence of one to three years in state prison and asked that the judge not impose restitution .
the defense team raised concerns about marshall 's health and indicated that it will appeal the verdict .
( cnn ) -- here 's what i want for father 's day : i want my children to develop a passion for science .
i 've decided to grease the wheels .
his name is brian greene , professor of physics and mathematics at columbia university .
he 's getting kids engaged at his world science festival .
he has even written a children 's book based on relativity , " icarus at the edge of time . "
icarus was the boy in the ancient greek myth whose father crafted him wings of wax .
the father warned icarus not to fly too close to the sun .
icarus ignored him .
his wax wings melted , and he died .
he is 14 , which gets my attention , because it 's about the same age as my oldest daughter .
the length of the spaceship 's journey means icarus must live his whole life within the confines of that ship .
" but , " writes brian greene , the boy " had a palpable yearning for something beyond the life he 'd been handed . "
one day the ship 's captain , icarus ' father , announces : " we are making an emergency course diversion to avoid an uncharted black hole . "
he ignores his father 's warning .
he sets out to approach the black hole , to get within " a hairsbreadth above the point of no return . "
he miscalculates ever so slightly and is thrust 10,000 years into the future .
he is found by a new generation and is briefed on the long history he just missed , including the fact that the universe was now , as a result of the mission his father commanded , in an era of interstellar cooperation and lasting peace .
( cnn ) just how cold and miserable is it in upstate new york ?
it 's apparently so miserable that even those whose job it is to encourage visits to ithaca are telling tourists they probably should make other plans .
web visitors who go to visitithaca.com , the ithaca/tompkins county convention and visitors bureau website , will now see a pop-up banner that says , " that 's it .
we surrender .
winter , you win .
key west anyone ? "
bruce stoff , director of the visitors bureau , came up with the unconventional marketing campaign .
the message goes on to say , " due to this ridiculously stupid winter , ithaca invites you to visit the florida keys this week .
please come back when things thaw out .
a spokesperson for the florida keys tourism council called the initiative " the wackiest thing i 've ever seen in my life from a tourism marketing standpoint . "
andy newman got a call from stoff last week pitching the idea and asking for permission to use pictures of the florida keys homepage .
" i did n't believe he 'd actually go through with it , " newman said .
but considering the weather conditions in the keys right now , he understands .
" it 's in the 70s , there 's no snow and no frost on the ground , " newman said .
mexico city , mexico ( cnn ) -- mexican authorities were searching wednesday for two politicians accused of belonging to the familia michoacana drug cartel , which is blamed for killing more than 30 federal police officers in a series of attacks since saturday .
julio cesar godoy toscano , elected july 5 to the lower house of congress , is accused of being in charge of protection for the cartel , said monte alejandro rubido garcia , head of the national public security council .
authorities also said they are searching for saul solis solis , alias " el lince , " who lost his bid for a congressional seat this month .
he is accused of being in charge of the cartel 's activities in the huacana area .
both suspects report to servando gomez martinez , known as " la tuta , " rubido said .
godoy toscano was elected as a member of the opposition democratic revolutionary party , known as the prd .
the party said wednesday it would not protect godoy toscano or any member who has broken the law .
" i can not protect anyone , not even my children , " the government-run news agency notimex quoted him as saying .
he said wednesday that he has no intention of resigning , because he has done nothing wrong , notimex said .
prosecutors are seeking additional charges against the cleveland man accused of keeping three women captive in his home for a decade , they told a judge .
at a eight-minute hearing wednesday , ariel castro , 52 , kept his head down , often closing his eyes and speaking only to answer " yes " or " no " to the judge 's questions .
" we are presenting additional evidence to the grand jury next week and the week after .
we expect we are going to request further indictments , " he said .
castro faces 329 counts , including one count of aggravated murder for allegedly causing the unlawful termination of a pregnancy .
however , that deadline could change if castro 's attorneys change course and ask for more time to prepare for the case .
russo set the next pretrial hearing for june 26 and told the prosecution and defense that any plea deal would need to be in writing .
the defense has said in the past that it would be open to a plea deal if the death penalty was taken off the table .
this week , castro entered a not guilty plea to all charges , including 139 counts of rape and 177 counts of kidnapping michelle knight , amanda berry and georgina " gina " dejesus .
castro fathered a daughter with berry , according to authorities .
police have alleged knight was impregnated by castro five times , but he would punch her in the stomach , resulting in miscarriages and termination of all the pregnancies .
new york ( cnn ) -- a self-described " ex-madam " who claims she supplied fellow city comptroller candidate eliot spitzer with escorts several years ago is facing charges of illegally distributing prescription drugs , authorities said .
kristin davis , 38 , was arrested on monday night and charged with selling adderall , xanax and other drugs .
she 's also accused of orchestrating the sale of approximately 180 oxycodone pills for cash .
prosecutors said she will have strict pretrial supervision .
" prescription drug abuse is the fastest-growing drug problem in this country , resulting in more overdose deaths than heroin and cocaine combined , and this office has a zero tolerance policy towards anyone who helps to spread this plague at any level , " preet bharara , manhattan u.s. attorney , said in a statement .
spitzer , weiner and why new york is talking about sex davis is charged with four counts of distributing and possessing with intent to distribute a controlled substance .
prosecutors allege that from 2009 through 2011 davis bought ecstasy pills , adderall pills and xanax pills from an fbi cooperating witness at least once a month , paying hundreds of dollars for each purchase .
an attorney for davis was could not be immediately reached for comment .
sulaiman al fahim has continued his interest in english football with a buyout of portsmouth .
he replaces alexandre gaydamak , who became co-owner of the south-coast club in january 2006 and took over full control six months later .
gaydamak initially invested a lot of money in portsmouth , but with the economic downturn taking its toll , he announced last december he could no longer devote enough time to the club .
al fahim , who spearheaded the city takeover before sheikh mansour bin zayed al nahyan emerged as the main backer , struck a deal with gaydamak in late may before undergoing legal and financial due diligence .
the subsequent uncertainty at fratton park saw full-back glen johnson join liverpool in a $ 28 million deal , while england team-mate peter crouch has been allowed to talk to other clubs after voicing his unhappiness .
" this appointment brings stability to the club and is excellent news for pompey supporters , " chief executive peter storrie , who will retain his position , told portsmouth 's official web site on tuesday .
" i have every reason to believe that together with the new chairman we will be able to take the club forward to further achievements , building on the successes of the past three years . "
cairo ( cnn ) -- thousands of egyptians gathered in cairo 's tahrir square tuesday night to protest what they call a coup by egypt 's military rulers and show their support for the muslim brotherhood presidential candidate .
conflicting reports about the health of ousted president hosni mubarak overshadowed the protest , as one news agency reported he was clinically dead , which the military quickly denied .
" he is not clinically dead as reported , but his health is deteriorating and he is in critical condition , " gen. mamdouh shahin , a member of the supreme council of the armed forces , told cnn .
conflicting reports about whether mubarak has died " they 're playing with us , " one tahrir square demonstrator said .
" all of the sudden , all of this ?
i would hope he lives to see the new president . "
both candidates in what the united states called egypt 's " historic " presidential runoff over the weekend are claiming victory , the latest twist in the country 's chaotic political upheaval .
a spokesman for ahmed shafik -- the last prime minister to serve under mubarak -- said tuesday that shafik had won , state-run nile tv reported .
at a news conference , mahmoud abu baraka said the campaign was certain it had the correct numbers .
mohamed morsi , the muslim brotherhood candidate , claimed victory monday and vowed to build an inclusive government .
" no one 's rights will be left out of it , and no one will dominate over the other , " he said .
london , england ( cnn ) -- british police are reviewing the death of rolling stones founder brian jones , 40 years after the hard-living rocker was found dead in a swimming pool .
an autographed photo of rolling stones founder brian jones who was found dead in july 1969 police in sussex , in southern england , have confirmed they are examining documents given to them by an investigative journalist who has been researching events surrounding jones ' death .
in an article published in the daily mail in november 2008 , jones wrote , " i 'm convinced brian jones ' death was not fully investigated .
brian jones ' body was found in the swimming pool after a party at his home in cotchford farm , east sussex in july 1969 .
one of the most popular conspiracy theories that followed was that jones was murdered by his builder , frank thorogood .
the theory gained credence after thorogood allegedly confessed to the killing before his death in 1993 .
the storyline formed the basis of the 2005 film " stoned . "
sussex police told cnn they could not say how long it would take to review the new material , nor whether it could lead to a full investigation .
donald trump is at the center of a brewing controversy over the miss universe finalists .
the q&a with michael schwandt , which appeared on guanabee.com , quotes him as saying that " it 's just kind of common knowledge that [ trump ] picks six of the top 15 single-handedly . "
" and , his reason for doing so , as he told me and he 's told the girls before , is that he left it all up to preliminary judging in the past , and some of the most beautiful women , in his opinion , were not in the top 15 , and he was kind of upset about that , " the story quotes schwandt as saying .
" and he decided that he would pick a certain number and let the judges pick a certain number . "
via e-mail , schwandt said that he " was speaking in hypothetical jest " when he said trump picks some of the finalists and said the mogul has never spoken to either him , or any of his team , about the selection process .
" the story posted on that site contains many misquotes and [ is ] highly inaccurate , " schwandt wrote .
" i would like to disassociate myself from it completely and anything negative in regards to miss universe or even suggesting that donald trump ' rigs ' his event .
i 'm perplexed as to why guanabee.com would run a story such as this when they are aware that it is inaccurate . "
daniel mauser , publisher of guanabee , said his site stands by the story , which resulted after schwandt was contacted about his role choreographing both the pageant and a much talked-about performance by reality-star-turned-singer heidi montag .
( cnn ) -- a couple weeks after attending his first united nations general assembly meeting as president , barack obama was awarded the nobel peace prize .
what a difference three years makes .
whether it was because he was not george bush or because he was promising to end american policies that were widely despised or whether it was because -- as the first african-american to be elected u.s. president , he embodied an ideal of opportunity for all that was core to this country 's appeal -- it hardly mattered .
convene a crowd , and they would find something to like about barack obama .
in cairo , he spoke of new relations with the islamic world .
in prague , he spoke of eliminating nuclear weapons .
he embraced the g-20 as a mechanism of coordinating the response to the global economic crisis .
indeed , obama is probably the first person ever to be awarded the nobel peace prize largely for his charm .
or , alternatively , he may be the first person ever to have won the nobel peace prize for the simple achievement of not having been the guy who had the job before him .
( this can be an important achievement .
former u.s. commerce secretary pete peterson once said one of the secrets to job success is picking the right predecessor . )
( cnn ) -- at an auction at a gallery in new york recently , a piece of artwork sold for a higher price than had been anticipated by the auctioneers : $ 4,080 .
it was n't a very big piece of art -- just 8-by-10 inches .
it was a glossy black-and-white photograph .
it had a slight imperfection : there were staple holes in the upper left-hand corner .
someone had written all over the front of the photograph .
he had written : " to patricia keating , with very best wishes , john kennedy " that is what made the photo so valuable to someone : kennedy had held it in his hands , had run his pen over it .
... " as far as we know , she was n't anyone famous , " rebecca weiss , a swann galleries employee , told me on the day after the auction .
weiss told me that the identities of the buyers and sellers at swann auctions are kept confidential , so she could not disclose who had consigned the photo for sale , or who had purchased it .
but she said there is a pretty safe rule of thumb about the sale of autographs of renowned men and women :
new delhi ( cnn ) -- a lawyer who says he 's representing three of the five men charged with raping and fatally beating a woman on a new delhi bus said tuesday that he has advised his clients to plead not guilty .
" so far they have agreed to my advice , but a clearer picture will emerge by tomorrow evening , " the attorney , manohar lal sharma , told cnn .
sharma said one of those he is representing is ram singh , the main accused in the case .
the other two are mukesh singh and akshay thakur , he said .
proceedings against the five adult suspects began monday , when a new delhi judge ordered the trial closed after tempers flared inside the packed courtroom .
the magistrate , namrita aggarwal , ordered that the hearing take place behind closed doors and barred news outlets from publishing proceedings related to the case without the court 's permission , citing concerns about the suspects ' safety .
the five men in court this week are charged with murder , rape and kidnapping , and could be sentenced to death if convicted .
a juvenile court will take up the matter of determining the age of a sixth suspect , who claims to be 17 and therefore not old enough to be tried as an adult , cnn affiliate ibn reported .
jeremy manieri , 31 , was wanted by waveland , mississippi , police in connection with the rev. edward everitt 's death sunday , said donna wood , a polk county sheriff 's officer .
" mr. manieri was one of the last people ... that we know of to see father everitt , " said waveland police chief james varnell .
" we believe that his motive is robbery . "
everitt , 70 , was found dead monday in the dominican retreat house in waveland , varnell said .
" this tragic loss of father ed 's life leaves a deeply felt void in all our lives , " said bishop robert muench of baton rouge .
everitt was spending a few days of vacation at the waveland house , which had been rebuilt after hurricane katrina , said a statement from the southern dominican province , an order of friars .
sunday , manieri and everitt argued in the waveland house , according to the confession , judd said .
manieri found a firearm and shot everitt twice .
manieri took everitt 's wallet and his vehicle , a 2011 silver gmc hhr , then called his ex-wife , judd said .
the primary cast of the film , as well as director neil burger ( " limitless " ) and book author veronica roth , spoke about the film 's potential as the so-called next " hunger games " and offered hints about what 's to come from the franchise .
the futuristic film stars shailene woodley as a teenager named tris who is forced to decide between the societal faction her family belongs to and the one she feels is right for her .
it will be released in theaters on march 21 , 2014 .
woodley , who finished filming only two days prior to comic-con , is already preparing for the wash of fame that will follow should the movie be a success .
and she gave me really beautiful advice saying how much she appreciated it and how much it 's changed her life in positive ways .
she really helped me on this journey . "
the big-budget , action-based picture is a far cry from some of woodley 's previous roles , which include " the descendents " and next month 's " the spectacular now . "
for the actress and her co-stars , many of whom are largely unknown actors , " divergent " was a chance to experience new methods of filmmaking .
washington ( cnn ) -- at its essence , the presidential inaugural symbolizes american democracy 's peaceful transition or extension of power .
every four years , the winner of the preceding november election swears to defend the constitution .
cannons boom and bands play .
it all unfolds outside in public , usually before a massive throng that thunders its approval .
13 reasons to follow the inauguration on cnn 's platforms and nowhere else the first thirteen years after the declaration of independence and more than a year and a half after the constitution was ratified , washington was sworn in on april 20 , 1789 , at federal hall in new york .
the capital city later named for washington was just a swamp at the time .
he set the precedent of kissing the bible after the oath .
champagne glasses and buttons galore : obama swag at inaugural store franklin pierce broke the tradition of kissing the bible .
he placed his left hand on it instead in 1853 .
washington is also credited with creating other traditions .
the oath the oath of office is specified in article ii , section 1 of the constitution .
the oath for other federal officials , including the vice president , is not in the constitution .
( cnn ) -- chinese pair yuan cao and yanquan zhang claimed gold in monday 's men 's synchronized ten meter diving final .
the reigning world champions scored 99.36 with a near faultless final dive to claim the olympic title .
the silver medal went to mexican pair ivan garcia-navarro and german sanchez-sanchez , who pushed the american team of david boudia and nicholas mccrory into the bronze medal position with a strong final set of dives .
coming from china , of course , we hope we can win more medals , " said cao .
nothing more . "
tom daley , icon of the british team , and his partner pete waterfield led after two rounds , but blew their chances of a medal with a poor dive in round four .
british prime minister david cameron made his first trip to the aquatics center to see daley and waterfield in action , but he could n't spur the pair to a podium finish .
cao , 17 , and zhang , 18 , had been favorites to take gold in london after a dominating display in february 's world championships , also held at the olympic aquatic center .
china now have two diving golds after wu minxia and he zi won the women 's synchronized three meter springboard diving on sunday .
" we had the highest score we have ever got after the first three , but at this level of competition , you ca n't afford to miss a single dive , " daley said afterwards .
the 18 year old diver refused to blame a mistake from waterfield , 31 , in the fourth round for their failure to win a medal , declaring that " you win as a team and you lose as a team . "
" i am so soooooo sorry that this has happened , " desiree young wrote to kyron horman in a letter that was released monday to nbc news .
" i will never be able to forgive myself for being so many hours away when you needed me the most .
i pray that you come back to me because i am afraid that i ca n't live without you . "
the letter comes more than two weeks after the boy disappeared on june 4 .
cell phone records indicate she may not have been at the school at that time , according to a report in people magazine .
authorities refused to comment on the report .
in the emotional letter , young speaks directly to her young son .
" when you come home i will show you all of [ the ] things that everyone did for you , just to find you , " she wrote .
" there are literally hundreds of thousands of people that do n't know you and yet they pray for you every night .
they know how much i miss you and need you and they just want to bring you home to me .
there are so many wonderful people working on this case and they are going to find you soon .
( cnn ) -- cristiano ronaldo provided the perfect riposte to fifa president sepp blatter after scoring a hat-trick as real madrid beat sevilla 7-3 on a night when gareth bale grabbed his first goals at the bernabeu .
days after blatter had made a bizarre impersonation of the portuguese while saying the star spent " a lot of money at the hairdressers " , the 28-year-old scored his third career hat-trick against sevilla to go top of the scoring charts in spain with 11 goals .
he celebrated his first goal from the penalty spot with a military salute in a mocking response to blatter 's description of him as a " commander " last week .
the absorbing victory also allowed real to put saturday 's defeat by barcelona behind them , not just because of the three points but also because bale , the most expensive footballer in history , began to repay some of his fee .
despite bale 's largely anonymous display at camp nou , which was blamed on a lack of match practice , real coach carlo ancelotti was wholly vindicated by his decision to keep faith in the 24-year-old , who curled home a fine opener before a free-kick was deflected in as he handed real a 2-0 lead .
on a satisfying night for the hosts , for whom substitute xabi alonso made his first appearance of the season after injury , karim benzema also grabbed a brace as real moved up to third in the table , six points behind barca .
